Is the market changing really quickly? Yes, but does that mean that you should necessarily be changing? What you really have to have your finger on is the pulse of how's my customer perceive that? The company even says, yes, we picked you. Let's go. And then it ghosts you. So, if you talk to companies that sell B2B enterprise software, their worst competition is that. They win the deal, but they never get the money. So, if the indecision is the products all kind of look the same, well, that's a failure of positioning, right? I failed to position myself as being anything special from the other guys. Company couldn't make a decision and feel confident that they were picking the best thing for them. Deal didn't happen. Investors may have a worry that in the future, 10 years from now, people are going to vibe code this thing that you have. And therefore, you're a shitty investment. Customers are not looking at you that way. Customers are like, I'm going to give you today's dollar for today's stuff. Can you solve my problem that I've got right now? There's a lot of bad marketing out there, man. >> [laughter] >> And so, just because they're running a campaign talking about something or changing their stuff talking about something, it doesn't mean it's working. What we really have to pay attention is what's happening in sales. So, do all of a sudden we start to see them showing up in deals because that message is really hitting and customers are starting to consider them where they didn't before? That's scary. That's scary. >> [music] >> Hey April, welcome to the show. Hey, it's great to be here. Thanks for having me. Uh April, so there is a big thing happening for you in 2026 is that you actually launched a second edition of your uh really good book, Obviously Awesome. Um after seven years, after the first one. >> And so, I was curious to know what motivated you to launch this second edition and and mostly what you know, I guess when you want to launch a second book is that you discovered you had maybe blind spots or a gap in your original work. Oh, yeah. What what changed in your thinking? What what what what's new in this edition? Yeah, a bunch of stuff. So, the fun thing about doing a second edition of a book is you get to do kind of a do-over. So, you know, when I launched the original book, I didn't I assumed that it wouldn't sell very many copies and I had a very specific audience in mind when I launched it. It was mainly aimed at B2B technology founders and to a certain extent marketing people and product people, but really B2B mainly SaaS and I had a certain size company in mind when I was thinking about that like maybe 0 to 50 million or 0 to 100 million maybe in there somewhere. Um, and I launched the book and and the book ended up selling all kinds of copies way more than I thought for a weird kind of niche topic. Um, and then, you know, there's a thing about when you sell a lot of copies of a book like people will send you emails and tell you what you did wrong. >> [laughter] >> So, I started getting emails and you could see the places where I either didn't explain myself very well or you know, there was a concept and I just didn't spend enough time on it. And so, I kept you could see the patterns. After a couple of years, you're like, "Man, the way I described this particular thing, I should have spent more time on that or I should have described it in a different way." So, there were a couple of obvious things like that. That on on its own wasn't enough to motivate me to write a new edition of the book, but I was getting pretty sick of answering those emails where they were saying, "You know, on page 126, you said this thing." And then I would send the email back that say, "I know I said that, but I didn't mean that. What I meant was this other thing." Anyway, so there was a bit of that. Um the second thing was that you know, I don't think there's too much in the book that I really changed my mind about, but um there were a handful of things that I saw as patterns in the six, seven years after the book came out because I worked with a lot of companies in that span of time. And so there were some things that were patterns that I don't think I really understood when I wrote the first edition of the book that I thought, "Oh wow, I'm starting to see this pattern now where people get stuck on this stuff." So there were a handful of things I wanted to go back and add to the book because I thought it should be covered and I didn't cover it because I don't think I was that aware of it as a repeating pattern until I got to like 200, 300 companies that I had worked with. And then the last thing was I had worked with uh a number of really big companies after the book came out. And I started to see a bunch of issues that people were wrestling with when you had multiple products. So up until when I wrote the book, most of the companies, the vast majority of the companies I worked for, had a single product or a product with maybe some add-on options or modules. But I hadn't worked with a lot of true multi-product companies. And then after the book came out, I worked with a lot of multi-product companies. And there are a handful of very specific issues you got to tackle there when you're doing positioning. So I wanted to add that to the book as well. And then you know, one other small thing, but it it was a big thing for some people. In the book, I describe this process for doing positioning. And in the process, I break positioning down into five component pieces, and then there's a process to to go through to determine the best answer for those five pieces and how you put it together into positioning. And so I had a five component pieces, but a 10-step process. And you know, tech founders, they're numbers people, and some people it really bothered them that there were five components, but 10 steps. And they were like, "Look, April, you have five components, there should be five steps. I don't understand why there's 10 steps." And when I got thinking about it, at the beginning I thought, "Well, too bad, the numbers are different. >> [laughter] >> You're going to have to live with that." But the more I thought about it, the more I thought, "You know what? This There's some stuff we do as pre-work before the positioning exercise, and then there's some stuff we do as post-work after the exercise, and I could really take the additional five steps and position them as either pre-work or post-work, and then we do have five components, five steps." And then I thought, "Okay, I'm going to fix that too while I'm in there rewriting the book." So that's everything that's changed. Okay, great. Um all right, so for the people who haven't read the book, obviously, based on the the conversation we just started to have, the the the main point of the book is positioning, and you're well known for your frameworks and ideas on positioning, which is not that niche, actually, you know, because you mentioned that it it is niche, but when you think about it, it it sounds niche, but actually it's so impactful in a business, like it's it's everywhere. Um I One question is you mentioned first you wanted to write the book for companies between 0 to 50 million. Um and I was just wondering for you, when is the ideal timing to start working on your positioning cuz obviously when you launch the company you have an idea in mind and then you iterate etc. and then you you find the right niche, you find the right value proposition and so it starts to make sense. But so for you what's the best timing to work on this? This is really great question and it's a question that I get a lot from companies that call me. Here's the way I look at it. When we build a product in the first place we generally have a positioning thesis which which means we've built the product with a bunch of assumptions and and the assumptions go like this you know we assume that this is what our competitors are going to look like. And we assume that we'll build this product and it has these distinct capabilities that are different than what the competitors have. Therefore we assume we can deliver a specific value business value to a a specific set of customers and therefore we're going to win in a in a very particular market and we build the product to that. And then we launch it and and really in my experience having launched a lot of products the first wave of customers we get through the door are really kind of validating or invalidating that thesis. And having launched a lot of products when I was in house working at a tech company we our thesis was never 100% correct. Sometimes we were close and sometimes we were wildly off. Like you know we'd launch the thing and then it would turn out we're getting traction in a completely different part of the market with a completely different kind of buyer than we had anticipated or sometimes we'd launch it and we wouldn't get traction in in the place we thought because we were bumping into different competitors or people were comparing us to things that we never anticipated. Um sometimes we launched it and the value that we thought we could deliver just wasn't all that interesting to customers for whatever reason. Like there was some circumstance that we hadn't taken into account and you know, the the product just wasn't selling the way we wanted to to the types of people we wanted to. Our value proposition wasn't working the way we wanted it to. And often it was working in a different way than we thought. Like we were selling something but not for the reason we thought, not to the people we thought, that kind of thing. And so what I like where I landed on this eventually was that, you know what? This first wave of customers, that's the point. And and if we're doing a B2B product, the first wave of customers is generally we're getting them through the door by networking, working our, you know, working our network, talking to customers we already have a relationship with, talking to people on our board who might introduce us to somebody. And your positioning doesn't have to be um really, really solid and specific for that first wave of customers because most of them are coming through the door because they're doing you a favor in some way or they're taking a chance on you. They're like, yeah, okay, we'll try it out. And then once you get that first wave through, then you know where you were right and where you were wrong. And once you're done that, then you can really tighten up the positioning and say, ah, you know, our thing didn't work for this group of customers but we're seeing that it works really well with this group of customers. So let's tighten up the positioning for them and go run at that market and do that. So if if you were to ask me, when's the perfect time to work on your positioning? Like I think while you're building the product, like before you're at before you've even launched the thing, I think it's important to have a positioning thesis. Mhm. you could use my book to potentially develop a positioning thesis. But would I take that thesis and tighten it up and put it on the homepage and say we're doing exactly this for precisely these people in this way? No, I would not recommend that. In fact, I would recommend at the beginning keeping your positioning a little bit loose so that you're not closing the door on anybody because you know it's wrong somehow, you just don't know where it's wrong. And so if we keep it kind of loose, it's going to feel bad when you're in sales conversations, but it gives you the opportunity to see where the market pulls you a little bit. And then once you've had that first wave through and you've validated what was correct and incorrect in your thesis, then you can go and really tighten up your positioning and my book is really designed for that to go through and tighten up that positioning to run at where you know the thing works and where you know you can win in the market because you've already got a certain amount of traction there. Now sometimes you know, you say that positioning's really important and it's a really basic thing, but here's the thing. Sometimes you get that first wave of customers through and it is obvious. Like it's just not that hard. Like you get the wave of customers through and you're like, obviously we're selling to banks. Obviously they like us for this reason. Obviously this is the market we're going to win. You don't need anybody to come and work work you through a process. It's obvious it's where you where you're positioned. The problem is is that sometimes you get in the market, one, it's not obvious so you got to figure that out or two, it's obvious and it works for a little bit until you get three more competitors come into the market and they look just like you and now what? And then you're going to have to take a step back and really figure out your positioning to stand out in a market that's now different than it was when everything was obvious and a lot of companies struggle there because they never followed a process to figure out their positioning in the first place cuz they didn't need to. It wasn't hard. But then all of a sudden it gets hard, and that's where I think you know, you've got to take a step back and say, "Okay, we need to actually reevaluate this positioning. How do we do it? We can't just do it off vibes." So, you know, my book is designed to solve that problem. Yeah, okay. So, you you've been actually very vocal about the fact that positioning should be revisited quarterly in the fast-moving markets. And and especially now you know, you see like with AI companies and with AI innovation everywhere like it sounds obvious. But you know, most companies and most CMOs they treat positioning like a one-and-done exercise. They they did at a specific time, you know, series A or else. What are the signals that tell a CMO now positioning is broken, we need to redo this work? Yeah. Great question. So, when I was in-house, you know, running a marketing teams, we did it twice a year. So, we didn't do it quarterly, but we did it twice a year. And and twice a year, that doesn't mean we change the positioning twice a year. Twice a year we got a group together and we would look at it and make a decision whether we needed an adjustment or not. And what we were looking for in that decision was had anything changed? So, one of the one of the benefits of following a structured process to do your positioning in the first place is you can do a very easy check-in on it. So, the way you know, the way positioning works in my process is the first thing we do is we look at, well, who do you have to position against? So, what are the competitive alternatives to what you do? And then we look at, well, what have we got that's different than the competitive alternatives, and how do we translate that into the value that only we can deliver? And then the next step of that is, well, who's a best-fit customer, meaning who cares a lot about that value, therefore this is the market we intend to win. So, if we did a check-in on this positioning, and I recommended that we did it every every 6 months because sometimes there's a change that happens that you don't see until it's a big problem, and so it's good to get this cross-functional team together, and that team we've got product, sales, marketing, the CEO, we're sitting down together and we say, "Okay, competitive landscape, has anything changed?" Meaning, are we starting to see a different set of companies land on the short list against us? And therefore, we got to take that into account in our positioning. So, that's one thing we're looking for. So, is there a new competitor, not just a new competitor in the market, but a new competitor that customers are now shortlisting. So, we're seeing them show up in our actual deals, because just because somebody launches something doesn't mean it's actually going to compete with you. But, if we start seeing it in shortlisted deals, then we're going to have to take that into account. Second thing is differentiated capabilities. So, maybe we had something that was really differentiated, but our big competitor did a new release 3 months ago, closed the gap with us, and now that thing isn't so differentiating and therefore what we thought was, you know, a real a real differentiator for us is now no longer that, or the opposite things happens, which is we put out a new release, we have a bunch of stuff that we didn't have 6 months ago, and there's new value we've unlocked for that, so we need to take that into account in the positioning. Sometimes we do a new release and there's a bunch of new stuff, but it contributes to value that we already provide to customers. So, we don't necessarily have to change the positioning, it's strengthening the position that we already have. But, sometimes we do. Sometimes we have a new big thing, it it enables us to crack into a new market, serve a different customer in in way. If that's true, then we need to adjust the positioning. And then the last thing is kind of customer sentiment. So, sometimes there are big things happening in the world at large or the market at large that is changing the way customers perceive value or evaluate products. So, for example, COVID hits and you know, a lot of companies that were really really interested in driving a lot of growth and if you came in with a value proposition of, you know, get more customers, drive more growth, a lot of companies were in survival mode at that point and they didn't care about that. They were looking at ways to cut costs. >> [laughter] >> And so, a lot of the businesses I worked with shifted from positioning that really focused on growth to positioning that was quite focused on how do we help you cut costs, how we help you do more with less, how do we help you extend runway, that kind of stuff because everybody was in survival mode. And then a couple years later, we were back to growing like crazy and then we had to shift the positioning back again to be more interested in what the customer was interested in. Right now, we're seeing a lot of shift in customer perception around AI and what they can do with AI and what their strategy is around AI. And so, a lot of companies I'm working with now are taking a step back to make sure that they're addressing some of this stuff that is coming up in their customer conversations about what customers are interested in talking about right now. And that wasn't true three years ago, four years ago when we were in the early days of this stuff. So, what we do is we take a check-in and we'll look at that and say, "Competitors, has anything changed? Differentiated capabilities, has anything changed? Value, has anything changed? Customers, has anything changed?" And if the answer is, "No, not really," then we don't change the positioning. Simple as that. But if something big has happened, then we probably want to assemble a team. We're not necessarily going to change it, but we want to assemble a team to see, do we need to make an adjustment and we should at least look into it with a little more depth. Interesting. I guess also some companies that change positioning or they they work on the positioning but it it's like self-sabotage work meaning that they they actually killed their good positioning. Well, this is I mean I think you have to be very careful that if you do this review and nothing's changed and the position you've got right now is working just fine, don't mess with it. >> [laughter] >> Like often what I saw when I was running marketing teams is we'd have this positioning and it'd be working really good. And it you know, and the marketing team would start messing with it mainly because they were bored. So they'd come in and they'd say Like this is the main reason? Yeah, they'd just come in and say I come in and I'd be like, wait, someone changed the homepage. Like what is all this on the homepage? And they'd say, we've been saying this forever. It's so boring. Everybody knows it already. There's nothing interesting here. It's like this is a bad reason >> [laughter] >> And most of the time, you know, you're the marketing team, you're staring at that homepage every day. But your customers aren't. And often the marketing team is getting bored of the positioning at the exact moment where it's starting to hit. And the last thing you want to do is just change it change for the sake of changing. So I think companies have to be really in tune with what's going on in the market. And it takes a while for a positioning to really hit. So if you're changing your positioning every quarter and there you know, there isn't a big reason for that, I would question if maybe you're changing it too much and you're not giving it enough time to actually grab hold in the market. This is true even with AI. Even with the big changes we see in the market right now. A lot of companies are messing around with their positioning, but sometimes I'm worried that they're you know, they're changing this stuff weekly based on things they saw in a press release from competitors that frankly customers know nothing about. And customers haven't changed the way they purchase things. They haven't changed the companies that they put on the short list. They haven't changed the way they're evaluating things. Why are you messing with this? Like I'll give you an example. So I worked with a company early 2025. And we were doing this positioning workshop and um they were in the ITSM space. So IT systems management stuff. And pretty big company, like close to 100 million revenue, pretty big. Growth looking pretty good. This is early 2025 and we did the okay, who ends on a if you didn't exist, what would a customer do? Who are the alternatives? And head of product said, Vibe Coding's going to wipe us out. We got to have Vibe Coding. We need Lovable. We need Repli- We need that on that list because those guys are going to come and they're going to wipe us out. So we got to position against that. So hmm, okay. Those products had been released for 2 months. >> [laughter] >> They've been in market 2 months. And so I'm like, hmm. So the head of sales is there and I'm like, do we see them in deals? Like does a customer talk about Vibe Coding? Like have any customers come and said to you, hey maybe I'm going to Vibe Code this. Like I'm looking at you, but I'm also looking at Replit. So you know, tell me why I shouldn't Vibe Code it. Like have we got any of that? And the head of sales says, not one. We've never seen anybody talk about that. So we had the discussion about it and it was like, well, if customers aren't considering it. Now, that doesn't mean we ignore it from a product development perspective. That doesn't mean we don't keep an eye on it. But I don't have to position against a ghost. Like if I if my customers aren't thinking about it, I'm not the one that's going to tell them they should or tell them they shouldn't. Like if customer's not thinking about it, then I don't have to position against it. It's not a serious threat yet. Right? So, we did the positioning without having the vibe code stuff in there. Now, that was early 2025. I recently had a checkup call with these guys. So, now we're a year later and those companies have blown up. Like the vibe coding stuff is a big deal now and it wasn't back then. They were in the early days of it. So, you would think like now they're going to get pressure from vibe coding. It still isn't there. It still isn't there. It's not in their market. So, when they go in, they're still not seeing anybody. They've had zero losses to vibe coding. They've had zero times it's even come up in the conversation that we would vibe code this. So, you know, is the market changing really quickly? Yes. Yes. But does that mean that you should necessarily be changing? What you really have to have your finger on is the pulse of how's my customer perceive that? Cuz I mean obviously people are using vibe coding tools for all kinds of things. But for this particular market in this thing that this company did, not there not yet. Doesn't mean it's never going to happen, but not there not yet. And so, as long as we're checking in on it every 6 months and saying, "Okay, are they showing up now? Are they showing up now?" When they do start showing up, we're going to position against them, but until then, I don't have to position against a ghost that my customer doesn't consider a competitor. Mhm. >> [snorts] >> You know, like when you were speaking about the homepage redesign uh because marketers are bored, usually I see two things happening with my clients as well. Is number one, they see their competitor change their homepage or change something on the website and and it's like because they did it, it means they're right. But you know you know this feeling [laughter] like if they did this, it means they're right and because we haven't changed, it means we are wrong. But it doesn't mean anything. Like usually I'm like, yeah, but if everybody thinks this way, then you you're always changing because anyway, you know, market is changing, is moving every time. >> lot of bad marketing out there, man. >> [laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah, and so and so Because they're running a campaign talking about something or changing their stuff talking about something, it doesn't mean it's working. So where where where we really have to pay attention is again, if you have a sales team, where we really have to pay attention is what's happening in sales. So do all of a sudden we start see them showing up in deals because that message is really hitting and customers are starting to consider them where they didn't before? That's scary. That's scary. Yeah. But you know I I you know, I had a old boss and he used to all his his line when people talked about that is he's like, don't get caught smoking your competitors marketing. Like just because they said it doesn't mean it's anything, right? And they might change it again two weeks from now cuz it ain't working. Like Exactly. >> so I think it's okay to stay on top of what your competitors are doing and have a look at that stuff, but what you see externally on the marketing side is often not a reflection of the go-to-market strategy or the sales strategy. You don't You don't know what their segmentation looks like. You don't know where they're getting traction and where they're not. You don't know where they're struggling and where they're not. Where you really see it is in sales. Like if they start showing up in deals, well, that's that's where we got to take it seriously. Yeah. Yeah. You know, often what you'll get in marketing is the marketers are very afraid of the companies that are spending a lot of money on marketing. Mhm. And because they're everywhere and they're competing for marketing dollars or whatever in channels, and they're like, "Oh, man, I see these guys everywhere." But we've seen lots and lots of cases of companies that raise a spectacular amount of money, blow their brains out on marketing, and then flame out, and 2 years later we don't see them anywhere anymore because >> And especially in the past 5 years, we've seen a lot of companies like these. >> Yeah. >> [laughter] >> Yeah. So So Yeah, so I'm with you. Like, just because they're doing it doesn't mean you should be doing it. Like Yeah. And you know, it it's always this thing like uh if if the competitor moving is uh pulling the market with him or her, it means the first to speak is the one who wins. But it doesn't work this way, you know? Like uh And and and the second thing I wanted to say is >> it wouldn't exist. Yeah. >> all be people being really fast, and what it you know, everything would look different if that was true. >> Yeah, true. Uh and second thing is uh and I think your your uh your example with vibe coding tools and uh hey, these are our new competitors, etc. I also think sometimes a lot of people they want to be part of the cool kids. And and you see like for the past 2 years, the vibe coding tools like Repl.it and lovable, etc., they attracted so much attention that I I feel a lot of a lot of companies wanted to be part of this cool kid cool kids club. Um and and and and and so I'm not surprised you see a lot of companies uh wanting to >> you know, what I see is a lot of company that are scared stiff, right? That they're like, you know, if you if if you you could look into your crystal ball and say "Man, like maybe someone could build a tool that looks like ours, only super highly customized to their situation, and do it without any real like without having a development team, and without >> Yeah. uh you know having software company like like you say like with seemingly very little effort and you know potentially we get to a spot where that is true but we're also notoriously bad at predicting the future. So just because it you know that is one potential future there's another potential future where you know that becomes a bit like Like when I started out in when I started in tech everybody everybody built their own stuff. Like if you wanted a CRM you built your own CRM or you got a company to build a CRM for you and then you babysat that CRM after you didn't buy package software. There was no package software for anything back when I started. And then package software came and people were like wow I could just buy a CRM and I don't have to code my own that's amazing. And you know if we were selling package software we'd come in and say look like do you want to be a software company or do you want to be a bank? >> [laughter] >> Like why don't you go be a bank and let us be a software company and let us handle the software. Now we're potentially entering this age where maybe if you're a bank you are a software company. Like maybe if you're a bank you could The question is timelines. Right? Is that next year? The year after? Five years from now? Maybe we get to a point where you know we hit some kind of a wall on that stuff and say you know what it's good for prototyping and we can get and certain kinds of applications we can do it but other kinds of applications we can't because of whatever there's security or compliance things or things that are difficult or I don't know what. Um but we don't know what that looks like yet. We don't know what that looks like. So it's important to be on top of it and to be thinking about it. You for your investors that's a totally different conversation. So your investors, they've got a different view of the world than your customers. Your customers are thinking about right now, right? So your customers are like, I got to get this problem solved right now, and what's the best way to solve it, and I'm going to spend some money solving this problem right now. Your investors are like, is this company still going to be good in 10 years? So you may, in your investor positioning, have to position against those five coding tools because who knows what 10 years looks like. And if the investors are very sold on this idea that, you know, in the future, everybody's going to have their own custom software, well then you're going to have to have a response for that. But do not confuse that with your customer positioning for right now. Right now, you got to fight the fight that you're in right now to do deals right now to get customers' money right now. And if they're not looking at five coding tools, you don't have to position against them. I agree. All right. You you've said that you see about 40 to 60% of B2B deals end in no decision. It's it's not like they lost the company lost to a competitor. It it they just abandoned. And and you know, most marketing leaders in this case, they blame sales execution. >> [laughter] >> You in your case, you you usually blame positioning. And and so I mean it's not always that. Yeah. So walk us through that argument and that thinking. Yeah. So um there's some interesting data around this. So if you read um Matt Dixon put out a book called The JOLT Effect. Yeah, I forget when that came out, a couple of years back. And what they had done was a study. They did it during COVID and And moved to not having face-to-face sales meetings and everyone is doing meetings on Zoom. And they worked with a bunch of companies and they analyzed 2 million sales calls and then they worked with the company and they analyzed first sales call and then what eventually happened with the deal. So, did the deal close? Did it not close? What happened? And they came up with this number, which was 40 to 60% depending on what industry you're in, whatever. 46% of sales purchase processes, meaning they got into the purchase process, they looked at stuff, 40 to 60% of the time the deal ended in no decision. So, because they're doing this big study, um they could also look at well, why was that? You know, so they they interviewed customers and find out, you know, what was this no decision all about. In the majority of the time, now sometimes the no decision was um the company looked at the other options and decided that the thing they were doing now was good enough. And you know, the other options looked ah, maybe it's too hard, I don't know what. But that but you know, I'll just stick with the thing I've got, which might be legacy software, it might be doing it manually, or it might be whatever. Um but the majority of the cases, that was not true. In the majority of the cases um it they ended up in a point of indecision. So, the solutions all kind of looked the same, or worse, the solutions looked scary. Like there was risk involved. So, uh you know, what if I pick this thing and it doesn't work the way the vendor says it's going to work? Or what if I pick this thing and you know, I get in trouble with my boss cuz you know, things don't work out or it goes over budget or something like that. Or what if I pick this thing and the users all hate it and then they don't adopt it and then the the project fails. And so, this idea of indecision is the main thing that's causing these these companies to basically go dark right at the very end. Like in in in a lot of cases, the company even says, "Yes, we picked you. Let's go." And then they ghost you. So, if you talk to be companies that sell B2B enterprise software, everybody, this is their worst competition. Their worst competition is that. They win the deal, but they never get the money. And so, what we have to worry about is, well, what's causing that indecision? So, if the indecision is the products all kind of look the same, well, that's a failure of positioning. Mhm. Right? I failed to position myself as being anything special from the other guys. Company couldn't make a decision and feel confident that they were picking the best thing for them. Deal didn't happen. So, that's a positioning thing. We need to get really sharp on our differentiated value. Why us versus the other guys? But then there's also other things that we need to think about. So, um you know, has the company does the company feel confident that they understand all the other guys, too? Not just you, but all the other guys. So, one of the things we can do is in our positioning, make it very clear, here's what the other guys do, and here's what we do, and this is how it's different. You might actually pick the other guys if you have this situation, but if you're in this situation, you should pick us and here's why. So, there's that education is helping make the customer feel confident that they've done their due diligence. They're not going to make a bad choice here. Mhm. Um the other thing is this concept of risk, and particularly if we're talking about B2B enterprise software, it's usually risk around the deployment. Like, is this project going to fail? Nobody wants that. And so, that's where we need to emphasize all the things we can do to de-risk the solution. So, do we have professional services to help them? What does our training look like? How hands-on are we after this deal? What can we do to make the customer feel good that that you know, they're going to take this big risk on buying our stuff. What are we going to do to ensure that nothing bad happens? Sometimes we do this with um packaging and pricing. So, you've seen companies do um uh something in their terms and conditions that you know, if the thing is not deployed in this much time, you're going to get your money back or you're going to get you know, we're going to give you 3 months free or we're going to give the deployment months free and so you know, you don't start paying until this thing is successfully deployed. The other thing I've seen a lot of companies I've worked with is if the deal's too big, it often feels too scary to bite it all off at once. So, we'll break the deal into chunks or phases and say, "Okay, we're going to start with phase one. Phase one's kind of small and easy and we're going to get to know each other. We're going to close that deal, deploy that deal. Now you feel confident that we do what we say we do. We can deliver on our promises. If that goes all good, then we're going to go to stage two. Then we're going to go to stage three." So, there's a lot of things we can do to kind of make the customer feel more comfortable and get them out of this situation of indecision, but we got to kind of assess the indecision first and decide what our best course of action is and what do we need to change. Sometimes that's a positioning thing and sometimes that's a lot of objection handling and sometimes even like changing packaging and pricing or the way you do deployment so that the customer feels more confident that this this deployment just isn't going to fail. Yeah, but it's not like uh what you're saying is that's most of the companies usually they want to really increase the value of the product, but in in the cases you just mentioned, it's like you can increase the value of the product or you can decrease the value of the risks. And and and and in this case, you you can win over by reducing the risk for the customer. >> Right. Right. So, often like I've seen very little like like people will come to me and they'll say, "Well, price is the objection. It's you know, the thing costs too much. So, if we reduce the price, would that work?" Often that's not really the objection. The The objection is more around this risk. And so, I don't think you should necessarily jump to the conclusion that price It sometimes customers will tell you it's too expensive, but what they really mean is it's too risky. Mhm. And so, again, if we could break the deal into pieces, I'm not dropping the price. I'm just dropping how much you have to commit to right now. And then I'm going to have a phase two and then a phase three. Or we're going to start with something here, we're going to prove the value there. Or sometimes we'll do a staged deployment. Like I worked at a company where we're selling software to retail stores. And we had this very very big deal that was like tens of thousands of retail stores. But instead of selling them, you know, all 30,000 stores all at once, we're going to say, "Look, we're going to do a pilot. We're going to do that with five. And then we're going to roll out to 100 stores. Then we're going to do this region. And then we're going to go region by region after that." And so, the customer is much more comfortable with that because things didn't have the opportunity to go way off the rails in this ginormous deal. We were going to take these little baby steps so that the customer felt good. And as we were going along, we were proving ourselves. We're developing the relationship and we're building that trust as we go along. Mhm. Okay. Sometimes you can't do that, but where you can break things up, it's usually a good way to take risk off people. >> You We've talked a lot about B2B, and I'd like to address the B2C topic as well because from [snorts] my point of view, we see traditional wall, you know, between B2B and B2C is getting thinner. You see like in B2B, you see a lot of self-serve products, PLG motions, individual buyers versus buying committees, etc. Do you think B2B positioning is converging with B2C or do you think they're still very different [laughter] disciplines? No. So, here's what I think. Yes, lots of companies have a PLG motion and that thing happens. I think there's a big difference between um what I would call an enterprise deal versus an individual contributor deal. So, if I sell a little widget that a software developer uses and they just use on their own and it costs 150 bucks, that is not in my opinion, that's not what we would call a complex sale. So, they can slap down a credit card. It's very low risk if you would you know, coming back [clears throat] to this idea of risk. Like, so what? If the thing didn't work, so what? They just buy another one next week from a different company. And that's it. You know, they're just going to turn on you and that's it. It's a lot more like a B2C deal in that way. One person made the decision. Nobody they didn't really have to check in with anybody else. They didn't really have to do. Now, I've worked with lots of companies that they have a PLG motion that looks like that for individual contributors at you know, on the front end. But, what happens is if two or three people in a team or in a company or maybe five or six people in a company put their credit card down and buy that thing, then there's a motion where the company comes in over top and sells an enterprise license. That's a very different sales process. Requiring very different positioning. So, my positioning on the PLG motion of that is, "Hey, give it a try." Right? So, I'm trying to convince you to just sign up, try it out, you know, and mess around with it a little bit. Like, I don't even like I got to talk about the value, but I don't have to be like like I'm not really doing a big competitive thing. The buyer is not sitting there doing a big competitive analysis. I'm just trying to get in front of the person when they have the pain and say, "Hey, try it out." You don't like it, no problem. Turn out on us, but if you do, this is great. But my positioning at the enterprise level where, you know, which is you know, we have product led, but then there's a sales follow-up afterwards, which is which in a lot of these companies where the real money gets made. Oh, yeah. Then we come in afterwards. Now I got to position against everything else, right? Because yeah, I got a few seats in there, but I bet you my competitors do, too. Right? And I'm coming in and saying, "Hey, you should standardize on all our stuff." Well, there's teams that are using other things, then you're going to replace that. And they may not be happy about that. And there's got to be some value. Like they're getting along fine without using your enterprise version thing. So I got to explain, well, what's the value between having a few developers using this thing versus I'm going to standardize on this with every single developer. What are we going to get? What do we get? So I got to be able to articulate the value of that. So I think just because we see a lot of PLG doesn't necessarily mean that this sales this complex enterprise sale isn't happening. It is. So in my work, because because I'm very focused on enterprise B2B stuff. Like I basically only companies I work with have a sales team. If you're selling a thing that, you know, it's it's 100 bucks off the website and that's it. That's your whole thing and you're just trying to sell millions of them. I don't usually work with companies like that because I think they're closer to B2C and it's a very different purchase process. It's a bit like going out to buy a pack of gum. It's like, you know, I I went, I looked at what there was, I picked the one that I thought that was good, but if I make a mistake, no biggie. There's no stakes. I just I don't buy that stuff. It's not It's not your money. >> [laughter] >> Yeah, it's not your money, yeah. Doesn't matter. Just go in, buy the thing, whatever, you know, it's like buying a T-shirt. I didn't like it, it didn't fit very good when I got it home, whatever. I gave it away. I just don't buy that brand again. Enterprise software is not like that. There's stakes. There's stakes, right? If you make a mistake, heads will roll. >> [laughter] >> Yeah. Someone's getting in trouble and it's going to be you, buddy, and >> Yeah, yeah, it's not only your money. You got to justify it all the way up. You got to justify it to IT and security and compliance and all the end users and your boss and all the way around till 7:00. That's like there's a really big difference between what we would call a considered purchase Mhm. versus something that is not really a considered purchase. It's I'm going to try it out and if I like it, I'll keep using it. I think those two things two situations are entirely different. Yeah. Okay. Interesting. >> perspective. And I don't see those things coming together. Now, I do see what you know, more and more stuff self-serve, but usually what it is is, you know, it's it's things on the front end so we can figure out if there's any demand there and then there's, you know, we have an enterprise deal happening after or the big enterprise deal happens and then there's add-on cross-sell upsell stuff and we're letting people self-serve on that because nobody wants to talk to a salesperson for that. They've already made the decision. Yeah. These aren't Again, not difficult considered purchases. Like when I worked at IBM, this was a long time ago, but I when I worked at IBM, the barrier for self-serve, like the limit, like if you were an existing IBM customer and you were buying something that cost less than $250,000, we literally you weren't allowed to talk to a rep. >> [laughter] >> But it was all cross-sell upsell. It was like I already own this database and I need 10 more seats. You know, I already own this thing and I need to expand it over to here. I'm just buying a license. I can do that online. Cuz it's not a complex deal. I'm not taking it out to competitive bid. I'm not looking at everybody else. I'm not whatever. These things we should all be able to do with no interaction with the sales team cuz we don't need it. But if I'm doing a bake-off and I've got three companies and I'm trying to decide between the three and there's stakes and nobody wants to make a mistake and all the rest of that stuff, damn right they want to look at a sales person. They want to get They want your experts in the room telling them everything's going to work. They want their technical people talking to your technical people talking through all their specific weird stuff they got to do. Like these are complicated deals to do that we're not necessarily doing on the website. Mhm. Okay. You mentioned at the beginning of the episode that in your second edition of your book, you added a whole section on multi-product positioning. Um you know, most Caleb's I work with they have two, three, four products. And what they have at the end of the day is a Frankenstein documents around positioning. One per product, one per persona, one per segment, etc. Do you have like a a an easy framework to cut through that mess for these companies? >> Yeah, so there's there's a whole bunch of things I think come into play here. So, first of all, >> [sighs] >> let's talk about personas first because I think this is one where I feel like people needlessly complicate things. Um Let's let's So, again, let's come back to I got a B2B deal. And in a typical B2B deal, we have something like five to 11 personas involved in that deal. So, let's say I'm selling a CRM. I'm selling to the person that runs sales operations. That's my main person. So, they're doing the evaluator. they're what we would call the deal champion, right? So, they're the first person you talk to you and the first call you talk to that person. But, that person is not the only person involved in the deal. There's the chief security officer, there's the compliance person, there's the end users are going to want to have a look at it cuz if they don't use it then, you know, we're in big trouble. IT cares cuz they're going to have to babysit it after you and so IT [snorts] cares about is this hard to manage and can it integrate with all our stuff and how's it going to work with HR and all the other things we've already bought. And then and then there's the economic buyer, which is typically a person up above. So, they got to go to their boss cuz they don't have the budget, their boss has the budget. So, the boss has said, "Hey, figure out what CRM we should get. Come back with a recommendation." Champion comes back with a recommendation and says, "I recommend this." And then they you know, the boss either signs off or they don't. So, when I started doing this stuff, you know, back when I was a junior product marketer, what I was taught is we had to do personas and positioning for each of those personas. Mhm. So, I needed to do end user positioning, security guy positioning, IT person positioning, economic buyer positioning, and this, you know, champion positioning. And what I found when we did that is we did all this persona work like what do these people like and what do they don't like and what do they care about and blah blah blah and this his name is Marty and he doesn't like talking on the phone and things like that. And we never used any of the personas ever after we built them. We never used any of them except the champion one. Why? Let me tell you why. Because in positioning, what we are trying to do is get on a short list. Right? So, what we're trying to do is get past the first meeting. Who's the first meeting with? The champion. Who makes the short list? The champion. So, our positioning needs to really resonate for the champion. Now, the champion might be thinking about these other stakeholders and say, "Well, gee, uh you know, we're never going to get this deal done if it's not SOC 2 compliant because I know that from talking to the tech guys. So, yeah, I might have to handle that objection in the first call." But, really, the value, when I'm talking about value, is the value for the champion and a little bit the economic buyer. But, all the other stakeholders, there's no value for these people. There's only objections. So, all they are is potential ways to the deal is going to die. But, they're not in there saying, "What's the value of this for me?" CSO doesn't care about that. CSO's like, "Is it SOC 2? Does it do this thing? Are we going to go to jail?" >> [laughter] >> The end users are like, "Do I like this thing? Can I use it? Can I whatever?" That That's it. There's no So, what you have is value that matters to the champion and everybody else is objection handling. So, this idea of doing separate pitches and separate decks and having value propositions for IT when IT's not the champion, that's nonsense. We're never going to do that. What we're going to do is we have positioning that gets us in the door. We have positioning that gets a deal cooking. And from that meeting onward, it is our job to arm that champion to handle the objections of everything else. But, that is custom work that happens down the line when we understand what's all these other people care about because that's specific to the company. So, I don't have to worry about them on the homepage. I don't have [laughter] to worry about them anywhere else. All I'm trying to do is get the deal cooking and keep the deal alive past meeting one. And then once you get past meeting one, then I'm going to worry, well, what does your boss care about and how do we make sure the users don't revolt and how do we make sure IT doesn't give us the thumbs down and compliance doesn't give us the thumbs down. So So that's the first thing. Like I don't think we need to do all this useless persona work. We need to understand what are the potential objections from everybody else in the deal team, but our stuff needs to really work for the champion. So focus on the champion. That's the first thing. Then, okay, so now we've eliminated that. We're We're figuring out the champion thing. Now we've got this thing. I got multiple products and for every individual product, maybe that product serves multiple markets. So, you know, if I got a product and I'm selling and sometimes we've got retail customers, but sometimes we've got customers in utilities. I should have separate positioning for that, right? Retail and utilities. And the reality is in again, in my experience, we don't Like we don't We just don't. And you know why? Because the positioning is the same. We may use different words. Right? We may, if I have two value propositions, I may put the emphasis on one over the other in one market and then flip it for another market, but the value I deliver is the same for these all all these different segments. Why is that true? Well, if it wasn't true, if it wasn't true, what If I really had totally different use cases and totally different value I was delivering for these two different markets, then guess what? I have different products. Like because what those people want for my product in the future is different. How do I even build a road map for that? So either I'm not serving either of them very well in the future or I'm figuring out how to split those things into two different products because they're different use cases, the customers want different things. So, I may have a product that serves multiple different markets, but if that's in market today and you already have reasonable traction, my guess is your positioning across those segments is fundamentally the same. So, lots of times we go into the workshop and the people say, "No, no, they're going to be really different. They're going to be really different." And I say, "Okay, well, let's just do the exercise and see if that's true." And we go, "Well, we got these these competitors here and these competitors here. Differentiated capabilities though? Kind of the same." Differentiated value? Kind of the same. Okay, well, then I guess the positioning's the same. So, I got to give you an example. I worked for a company and we sold a lot in retail and a lot in utilities. And there was this idea that, well, we had to have totally separate sales decks and totally separate positioning. But when we dug into it, like our our core value proposition was about business continuity and making sure the lights don't go out. Well, in utilities, it was making sure the lights didn't go out. In retail, it was making sure the cash register stays on. But it was still the same. It was business continuity. And that made sense cuz we were selling to both and our value proposition was the same in both. Now, if I was pitching retail, I would give them a retail example of a customer. And if I was pitching utilities, I would give them a utilities example. And I might use some slightly different words, but the positioning was the same. Positioning was the same. Does that mean that if, for example, I've got I launch I want to launch a second product and positioning is really different. Does [snorts] that mean I'm actually doing a mistake? No, no. Like if it's it's different products, that's fair. Like usually if different products, they're different use cases, they're going to different markets. >> what you're saying is that when you step back, you see that usually positioning is kind of the same or even if the value proposition is different and the product is different and it looks different and the packaging is different etc. etc. Then at the end of the day, you know, it's it's exactly the the example you gave like uh between around the cash register and blah blah blah. Um if I want to launch a product and even after doing a step back, I realize that the positioning is really different. Like it's really really different. >> Yeah. Is that a sign that I'm actually going in a wrong direction? Well, usually what it means, if you're an early stage company, usually what it means is you got to make a choice. Mhm. Yeah. Are you going to chase this market or you going to chase this market? Cuz if you're if you're going to chase both, now you got two products and you know, if you're let's say you're doing a million revenue, do you really want to build two products, maintain two products? Like I mean, it's hard enough to do one. So, usually what happens and I've seen this a lot in the early stage companies that I worked at, you know, we got in a market, we're getting some traction, but we got a use case over here. We got a use case over here. Really different companies using us for really different things and we had to decide, do we want to chase this market or chase the other market cuz we can't chase we can't make both of them happy in the future. We happen to have a product that works for both of them right now, but they both want different things on the road map. So, we're going to have to decide, which one are we going to chase? Interesting. Usually that's what happens. Okay. Okay. Now, coming back to this thing about multiple products and multiple positions. So, so that was so that was you know, so now we got I got segments handled, I got personas handled. Now I got actual different products. So, let's say I've got I'll give you an example. I did a company call me and it was a a division of a big company and and they said, well, you know, we've got five products in the division. So, we want to do positioning across these five products. And I said, "Okay, like is that the way you sell it though? Like when you go in do you say, "Hey, we got these five things. Here they are." And the customer could buy any of the five or is it that you go in and the customer generally starts with one and it's always the same product and then you sell the other things after? And in this case the company was like, "Yeah, we always sell the big data warehouse thing." They're like, "We sell [clears throat] the data warehouse and then we would sell then we have all these analytics tools that come after." So then once you have the data warehouse, you know, then we would come in and sell you the analytics tools and the things around it. And I'm like, "Okay, well if that's the case then it doesn't make sense to position them all together. It makes sense to position the main thing, the land product and then the rest of the things are positioned as add-ons or cross-sell to the to the main product." Now, another company that I went in, you know, same thing. They said, "Well, we have these five products but really those things are packaged together almost like a suite and the customer decides, "Well, I want these three out of five or maybe I'd take all five, maybe I just take two but I might take the other ones later." But the mix of which ones they pick is always different. Well, in that case we position it all as one thing and it's really just packaging and pricing. Do you accept all things but we want you to know that all the things exist because in a first deal you do with us you might take them all or you might take three or you might take two but we don't know. So we want to expose you to everything. So there's a go there's go-to-market decisions here to be made where it's like, "Should do I Is there Is it useful to have an umbrella positioning over all these products or not?" Is the question. And then or do you lead with one product and then you worry about selling the other products later. Do you want to position this thing as a suite or a platform? Mhm. Meaning they all play nice together, they all work nice together, and there is assume some assumed value in having these things together that you're going to articulate. So, there's a bunch of decisions that need to get made before we get into the positioning exercise because we got to know what exactly are we positioning. Now, if you're really big company, you might have layers and layers of this. Like you might have the company like like let's say you're you're IBM, right? Like you're IBM, you've got software, you've got hardware, software, and services. And so, when IBM talks about all three, they talk about the three things together. This is why you want to work with IBM. Um and then if we're having a conversation just about software, well, there's thousands of products there. So, you know, there's positioning that they have for IBM software group that says, "Well, here's why you want to work with us as a strategic software vendor." And then underneath that, you know, there's a dozen or so product lines that have their own positioning at different levels. The big thing you need to decide is how do you want to sell? Or how do you sell? And then you need positioning that way. Like it's almost good to just think in your head, "What do you want your sales people to pitch in a first meeting?" Mhm. Do you want them to come in and pitch everything because we want the customer to know that we do all this stuff even if they might just be wanting this one thing now. We want them to understand that we do everything because there's value in working with a vendor that does everything even if to just get started you're only doing this one thing. Or is that just muddying the water and you actually just want to come in and sell them the easy thing first and then we'll worry about selling you all the rest of the stuff once we have a relationship with you and we've landed the first deal and we can go do the rest. So, like the good example of this is Salesforce, you know, for the longest time >> of them, yeah. Yeah, for the longest time like their ads and everything else was really just about the CRM or sales cloud and they'd run these ads and say we're the world's number one CRM, you know, because it's an easy sell. I mean, they're all the other competitors together are a tiny fraction of their share of the market in that. So why muddy the waters talking about we got a marketing thing and a service thing? Just land with the CRM and then once you've land with the CRM, then you can come and talk about the other things. Now it's different in there because, you know, they have Slack um and a bunch of other products that may be the place that a customer wants to start. Um and so you know, they've now had to zoom out to this bigger positioning that talks about what's the value of having all these things together and can I expose you to everything because I want you to know that I've got Slack and Tableau and Mulesoft and all these other things that they have. And so you know, their positioning is undergoing a bit of a a bit of an an adjustment, I would say, because you know, they've grown from a thing where it was just a lead product and everything else was a cross-sell upsell to a really more of a portfolio sale where I want to expose you to everything in the Salesforce universe that you could do and potentially tie it together with this Egencia stuff. Yeah. Right? And so that that requires a shift in positioning. True. So these are the decisions you got to make before you start to say, well, how do we want to go to market and how what's the best way to expose the customer to what we've got? Like let's say we have four products, but you know, this one I sell to banks and the other three I sell to insurance companies. Well, the bank doesn't care about the insurance company product. Shut up about it. Unless there's some value, right? Unless you can say, well, you know, here's why you care that we know what we're doing in insurance. But if there's no value in that, then we don't expose the customer to it cuz it's just confusing. But we got to decide that before we position cuz you know, we can't position until we understand what exactly is it we're positioning. So things get tricky. Yeah. All right. All right, April. I've got one last question, um which is a bit more macro, I would say. Mhm. >> like uh when you have a look at all the companies that IPO'd in the last years, they all compete in existing categories. Uh they they don't compete in new categories. Yeah. >> Yet a lot of VC-backed startups, you see, um they want to create their own category, own their own category, etc. Yeah. >> And I wonder, what do you think about that? Yeah. You know what I think? I I think this category creation thing is a little bit of magical thinking. Like, wouldn't it be great? Like, wouldn't it be great if we could just invent a name of a new category, and then we win it because we invented it? Like, wouldn't that be great? >> [laughter] >> It sounds great. It sounds really great. >> would like to do that. That would be great. If that was true, we'd all be doing it. Um but here's the thing, like, what's the job of a market category? Fundamentally, like if we take it back to first principles, what is the job of a market category? The job of a market category is it tells your customer at a macro macro level what you're all about, right? It gives them some signal about who you should be compared to, kind of what you do, kind of it's like a starting point. It doesn't replace your messaging, it doesn't replace your sales pitch. You're never just going to say I'm a CRM and then walk away and not say anything else, but it orients the customer. And so, it is always easier to position in an existing market category because it's really easy to orient the customer. So, if I come in and I say, like [snorts] Snowflake's original positioning, I'm a data warehouse for the cloud. We know what a data warehouse is, man. >> [laughter] >> I'm a data warehouse for the cloud. Well, Oracle ain't a data warehouse for the cloud, at least they weren't born in the cloud. So, I'm assuming there's some special stuff you want to do with a data warehouse out in the cloud. Great, tell me what that's all about. Like, it's really easy, elegant positioning. We know what it is. We know, you know, like, that's what it is. If I come in and I say, "No, no, I'm a flimflammer." And you're like, "Okay, I'll bite. What's a flimflammer?" And you're like, "I'm glad you asked. Let me explain it for you." You know, now I'm going to explain it to you. Like, you're not giving me a lot to grab on to. Now, most of the like, I'm being facetious. Most of the time you would name the category and there would be something in those words that maybe triggers what the what the thing is all about, but if you look at the data on this, like you say, there are very few examples of companies that, when they were small, set out to to define a new category and then live to dominate that category. Now, categories do emerge, right? So, we with with new capabilities. Like, there's you know, there's all kinds of new categories emerging in AI stuff right now because we didn't need them. >> for example, is a new category. >> Yeah, we didn't Yeah, we didn't we we didn't we didn't have that capability before, and now we do. Um and so, I think that's legitimate, but I don't think those companies invented that category. I think that category emerged because it was now possible to do that. Mhm. And there's no one company that I would say owns that category. It's a dog fight right now between a bunch. Like and you know, there's some that are more well-known than others, but I would say, you know, the category has only really existed for a year. Like let's give it a little time and see how that shakes out. What we know about the history of Silicon Valley is, you know, often the company that did the very, very hard work of creating the category does not survive to own the category once it is fully created. So, you know, we're not using MySpace, we're using Facebook, right? We're not using Ask Jeeves, we're using Google, you know, we're not using Blackberries anymore, we're using iPhones. Like uh so, category creation I think is is fraught with risk, but then therefore we should only tackle it when we have no other There's no other alternative. And these, you know, this is new stuff. It's really radically different from anything else. And any existing category would would undersell what we do. Now, you know, that said, marketers are great at this like wiggle semantics, right? So, I've had companies come to me and they'll say, "We're creating an absolutely new category." And I'll say, "Okay, what's the category?" And they'll say, "CRM for lawyers." And I'm like, "Dude, that's a CRM. That's a That's That's an existing category. You're not creating a new category. That's just a niche in the existing category. You We know what a CRM. You're you're, you know, So, some people will use that as the wiggle room and say it's a brand new category." And I'm like, "Okay, and I call it a subcategory, but okay, I'll give you that, right? You may be the leader in that segment of the market. Okay, that's fine." Um but I see very little You know, truth has a way of it. What you do see in terms of category creation, which is much more common and when people talk about category creation successfully companies that have successfully created categories, usually the examples they give are companies that are very big and well-established that have essentially won the existing category they're in, and and what they want to do is to continue to expand, they have to expand the borders of that category. So, you know, they'll say, "Okay, well, we we've won here, and now we're just going to make the category bigger and expand into other spaces." So, there's examples of that, and I think that's a a great place to do category creation. Like, you're already dominating the space. How do we expand the space and essentially redefine the market that we already own so that it's bigger? Mhm. You see, I also think that there is positioning for customers and positioning for investors. Totally >> And each positioning is different. Totally different. >> And and and and you see, sometimes I feel that some companies they they speak about their positioning the way they would speak about it to their investors. Yeah. >> But actually, you are the customer, so you don't care about this positioning. What you care about is the positioning made for the customer, you know? Well, that's exactly it. Like, you know, I mentioned that earlier, right? Like, if you've got a SaaS product right now, and you and you know, investors may have a worry that that in the future, 10 years from now, people are going to vibe code this thing that you have, and therefore you're a shitty investment. >> [laughter] >> So, nobody wants to invest in you if 10 years from now you get wiped out. Now, that doesn't mean that, you know, your customer positioning may not be against the vibe coding, because none of your customers care about vibe coding or want to do vibe coding or even know about it. So, you're selling away happily without having to position against that. But, if you're out raising money and the investors are all worried about that, you're going to have to position against it. The big difference with investors is, you know, they're trying to evaluate are you good investment, which means is this going to be a great big successful business 10 years from now. Customers are not looking at you that way. Customers are like, I'm going to give you today's dollar for today's stuff. Can you solve my problem that I've got right now? And yeah, I want you to be in business 5 years from now, but I'm not that worried about, you know, I'm not taking a 10-year view on this thing. Like, look at how much technology changes. Like, we're likely going to be ripping you out in 5 years. So, you know, let's let's talk about right now and what you can do right now. Investors, totally different thing. I've got to be able to give a really inspiring story about how I'm going to disrupt the market and and be this and it could even be a story about my product being completely different in a completely different market doing something else because I've got 10 years to build it. And that positioning's going to be really, really different. And you do see it or I see it with the companies that I work with that sometimes what you'll get is the executive team, the CEO founder, and maybe a couple of folks on the executive team have been fundraising. And so, they've they've been this really intense effort for a few months to go out and pitch to investors and they're getting all kind of feedback for investors. It's hard to come back into the office and switch gears to to be in the customer point of view. And sometimes what you'll see is this investor pitch leaking into the sales pitch a little bit. And that's kind of natural because you're, you know, you're the founder. You've been pitching investors and all day they're going vibe coding, vibe coding, vibe coding, right? >> [laughter] >> And then you're back to reality where there you don't have to worry about that yet. Um so some of the positioning workshops I've done, you can really feel that that there's this tension between the investor positioning and the customer positioning and we have to stay very clearly focused on this is customer positioning and it is perfectly okay for the investor positioning to be very different. Yeah. Okay. Well, thank you very much April. Uh thank you for everything. For the people who want to follow your work, where do we send them? Uh yeah, the so there's April Dunford.com. You can go there. Like the best way to start like if you want to if you want to dive deeper into this positioning stuff, the best way to start is with the books. So um I wrote a book called Obviously Awesome. Like we mentioned, I just released the updated expanded so there's a brand new 2026 edition. Um so you can go and start there. And then if you want to get more into the gnarly details of things, I've got a newsletter and a podcast and a bunch other stuff that gets into the gory details, but you can find out more about that on April Dunford.com. Perfect. Thank you again, April. Thank you to everybody who listened to the podcast till the end. And uh yeah, April, all the best. Yeah, well, thanks so much for having me. Do it. JUST DO IT. DON'T LET YOUR dreams be dreams. Yesterday you SAID TOMORROW. SO JUST DO IT. MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE. JUST DO IT.