AI can write, but can it write something that actually moves people and connects with humans? Eddie Schlainer is the founder of Very Good Copy. He's a direct response copywriter who spent his career studying what makes writing actually work. He runs one of the best copywriting newsletters out there. He has 95,000 subscribers who get his stuff verygoodcopy.com. And in this episode, Eddie makes the case that copywriting is a human profession, and explains exactly why AI writing feels hollow, what inspired writing actually does differently and what it means for marketers trying to stand out when everyone's publishing the same AI slop. Let's get into my conversation with Eddie. >> Anyway, good to see. Good to good to see you're you're um excited to have you on because it's always fun to do it with someone that uh I I enjoy talking to. No disrespect to anybody else, but you know, it's it's it's less pressure when I feel like I got some, you know, I got somebody I know. So Eddie Eddie's on the pod. I invited Eddie to come on the pod because um Eddie is a great copywriter and I love talking to people with copywriting backgrounds because a lot of the things that it takes to be a great copywriter are rooted in the principles of what makes good marketing in general and good business in general. And um I Eddie Eddie always has a creative lens uh and an interesting way of looking at things. And so we're texting about the pod and he's like, "Dude, I made I made some slides. I got a whole thing we're going to go through." And I'm like, "Yes, this is what I'm talking about." >> Nice. Well, I appreciate that, Dave. And let me just say it's it's um it's great to be with you as well. Uh I appreciate you very much. um you know you were you were one of the first people to uh to show up consistently on LinkedIn and and turned it into a platform for yourself and and turned it into a place where you know a place that enabled you to to grow an audience and build a business and and so much of what you were saying was bolstering uh copywriting, right? And it was bolstering copywriters. And so I appreciate you very much for for what you did to to promote this discipline and and the people that practice it and myself included. You you've inspired me and a lot of other people. So I appreciate you, man. Thanks again. It's great to be here. >> Yeah, dude. Thanks. That's cool. I appreciate that, brother. Um yeah, you like you worked you worked in house as a as a copywriter, you know, you you did all that stuff. Can you give people a quick quick background because I I know you from we got connected when you were working at G2, but I wasn't super familiar with your background until last time we talked. And I think that's just interesting context for people to have. >> Uh yeah, for sure. So yeah, I was an English major. I wanted to be a writer. Um I I wanted to write books, you know what I mean? Uh and so my first job out of college was not writing books. It was sales. Uh I worked in it's like everyone's life story ever. You're like, so as a kid, I wanted to be in the NBA and then my first job out of school was sales. So, I want to be a music producer and then I went into sales. >> Hell yeah. >> We've all done the same [ __ ] Like I That's what I think is so fun about this this world that we've created beyond market is like you meet all these other people. So few people actually were like, you know, when I was a child, I wanted to be a CMO. >> Yes. Yes. Well, yeah, you definitely work up to something like that, but you know, like writing was such a romantic thing for me. >> Yeah. >> And but it's such an impossible thing to just do right out of school. I mean that you got to you got to build up to it. Um, and so >> it's a also it came out in a different era now. Like that was pre Substack, you know, like today I think you could you could maybe make it the chance of making it as a writer maybe are are higher because of the tools available. >> That's true. That's very true. Um, but certainly not when I graduated. I graduated in 2010. Um, so I was an ins I was in inside sales at CDW. I was an account manager for about a year. Really did not did not like that job. It was a good job, but I really didn't like it. I really wanted to write. Um, and so I I left that job, which again was a good job. Like it paid well. I had insurance, uh, perks, time off. Uh, but I left it on a whim for my first copyrightiting gig, which was a contract role, no insurance, no benefits. Um, pretty bad pay to be honest. Um, but I was writing for a living, so that was that was a win for me. Um, and at first I didn't even realize I was I was writing copy. Like it was this new department at a big company. It was called CareerBuilder. So it was basically a job board website. And my job was to interview hiring managers and write their job ads for them. And they hired me on the back of my English degree. They were like, "Oh, like you know, you're an English major. You know, you could put a sentence together." And they gave me this job. >> Yep. And so, um, they didn't really think of these job ads as ads. I think like that should entice people to apply like in the traditional sense of an ad. They were just looking for young people with a modicum of writing experience to put words on a page and and make it grammatically correct and stuff, you know? And so that's kind of how I treated it until it became really clear to me that my worth in that role was based on how many times I can get people to click and apply for the position. So in other words like my job was to write something that would like ultimately compel the right person to take an action and that in a nutshell is direct response copywriting. So that's how I discovered this discipline and then I became completely obsessed with it and started reading books and and listening to podcasts and seminars and just you know learning as much as I could and to make sure that I was internalizing the information every time I came into an insight you know some principle or or technique or concept that I could use at work or that I thought I could use at work I I would try to write about it or explain it in an article because I thought if I could write about this I love this uh story. It's making me just realize like that is what you just described is just like marketing and so many people do this um you know Brendan calls it a checkbox marketing. I like that phrase that he that he uses Brendan Huffford. And it's the same thing. It's like okay so you work at this company. Yeah. We just need some guy to like write job posting because we need to hire somebody. >> Yeah. But then you actually realize that like the variable is like wait if I make a good if I make this good, if I make this fun, funny, catchy, creative. It could be any of those things. You're like people are actually going to stop and and uh reply. And I'm like, dude, that's the same thing I love about marketing. And but so many things that we do is like, oh, we got to do the company's webinar. Okay, so you write the webinar, right? When it's like it's always this constant like, how am I going to actually get someone to respond to this? Dude, I think about this now. Now, I coach my kids little league team and when I send out an email to the parents, I'm like, how can I get there? I literally am like, okay, there's these are eight other parents busy like me. The last thing they want is another freaking email about their kids. So, how can I send this thing them into to them in a format that's going to get them to like read it, understand the details, not have any questions, and like I I apply that to like those things, too. Writing emails to my kids school, those are like timeless, right? And that's why I love this this topic. So, it's cool to hear you as like a young guy just being like, "Dude, [ __ ] it." Like, why do I why am I going to do what they've always done? At least I'm going to try to like get someone to respond here. >> Yes. Well, I I wanted to be successful and it was clear to me that to be successful, I needed people to apply to the job ads that I was writing. I mean, that's that's how it all started and then like it it started to snowball from there. Um but yeah, I mean so you know that's that's how very good copy started as I was writing these these articles and trying to teach myself copywriting and it started it was a a long Google doc at first for years and years actually. It was you know 50 60 70 of these articles that I was putting into a Google doc not showing anybody and then I finally did show somebody and they were like you should put this online. >> Oh so you were just like writing your own stuff. you're like the things you were learning about writing you were just kind of compiling into this like master doc and >> put it into a doc and a lot you know I was an English major so I studied narrative and and so a lot of it came out as like you know I was framing these copyrightiting concepts and and principles in personal stories you know something that happened to me that day something that was going on in my life with my family with my friends I was putting it into these stories because that's kind of what I was trained to do at school and I didn't think that anybody would be interested in them because they were about me and my life and and so I didn't really have that perspective on it. But then somebody saw me writing one at a job. I was working at a bunch of agencies for a few years and somebody saw me writing one and they were like, "Oh, can I read this?" I gave them the doc. They said they read it over the weekend. They were like, "You should put this online." So, I made a blog and then somebody from HubSpot read it and they gave me a column, a HubSpot and I started writing the HubSpot column and then people from HubSpot were coming over, like readers from HubSpot were coming over and reading uh my blog and asking where they could subscribe and it wasn't a newsletter yet, so they couldn't subscribe. So, I made that and um I made a Mailchimp and and I think Mailchimp had like a 2,000 >> You get subscribers for free. Yeah. And I was like, "Oh, this is great. I'm never going to pay for this shit." You know, >> totally. >> But now it's just ironic cuz now, you know, it's it's, you know, newsletter is probably my the list is probably my biggest business expense. So, >> yeah. Do you have like something like 90,000 subscri you have 100,000 subscribers or something on that? >> It's been It's been Yeah, it's been the total number is up there. Uh, I sent it to less than that, but um that's after I clean the list and and make sure it's really healthy. the bane of our existence. We're learning literally. >> Yep. Yeah. It's part of that's part of the business. >> And then like we're like we're sending this email out that's like if you haven't oh we've noticed you haven't been engaged with our newsletter so we're going to take you off the list. And like a bunch of people are like no no no wait I I am. I just don't click anything. It's like oh [ __ ] There's there's such a there's so many layers to to email. Anyway, that's that's a side note. That's >> and so so it's been this constant uh it's been this constant progression. Like I think it's cool. A lot of people, you know, like, "Oh, how did you start?" You know, the the starting story for a lot of people is like there's never some intentional path to like make money writing online and writing, you know, teaching people about writing. Like you did it for your own benefit. It's like literally a founder a founder building a a software, you know, piece of software to like solve their own problem. You built your master doc and someone told you it was interesting. That's cool. Yeah, it was um it was a real happen stance organic thing and I think it actually helped me um because right now there's a lot of folks that are trying to like reverse engineer a number. you know, they'll they'll go online and they'll say, "I want a 100,000 subscribers or 100,000 followers or something." And they'll they'll do everything they can to the content to get that attention and get that get those followers and and so fundamentally the content becomes something contrived and something that maybe that they didn't set out to to create in the first place. Whereas like um I didn't really have that ambition in the beginning to to build a brand or an audience or anything like that to have a platform. And so it was very original to me and I think um I think that came through and helped me ultimately. But >> okay, do you want to talk about um you you sent me a link to this LinkedIn thing that I wrote about the narrative is shifting on AI. Do you want to talk about that and then that will lead into some stuff you want to show? >> Sure. So let me >> how you tell me you tell me. I I don't know what you have. So you tell me how you >> Let me share my screen here. Hold on. Uh share. Can you see this? >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, you put this post out last week and you know, basically you talk about how you're noticing more and more people push back on AI in the last couple of months. Um >> Yeah. Do you want me to I'll set this. So So So B, I'll just explain this. So if if you're watching on on our YouTube, Eddie has this this post up, but um I I've wrote this post last week and I said the narrative is shifting on AI. Have you noticed? And basically the feeling is I felt like over the last 60 days in particular there's been more of a more of a grumbling that I'm feeling from our community, from marketers in our universe just like that's less like AI is awesome and more like you know what screw AI I'm tired of this I'm tired of this writing I'm tired of this slop like there's there's starting to be something shifting and and um so we we ended up doing a survey on this just to get uh sentiment on it but I'm feeling this in my personal life in work and so I think there's a lot of power that's coming with AI, but I do feel like there's something shifting in the last 60 days. >> Right. Right. Exactly. And then and so at the bottom here, you ask um you know, why do you think that is? And so so that's what this presentation is. Um I'm going to try to answer that question right now at least from the perspective of you know and a marketer. >> All right. I'm I'm into that. >> Take me take me take me on a journey. So, let me take you let me take you back to 2021. Um, my wife was pregnant with her first baby and my sister recommended we put something called a uh a nose Freda on the registry. Do you know what a nose is, Dave? I >> Okay, I do. And so nose fre everyone thought we were nuts when we were doing nose. Now my sister's got a kid. There's like year five, six years of technology has evolved. You don't have to suck it anymore. You just put that thing in there and it goes, "You seen like the new one?" No, no, no. I'm good on YouTube, too. My wife's pregnant. >> Oh my god. Both of my kids, man. >> But it's the weird most weirdly satisfying thing, too, when you can get over the gross factor when you clear that nose out and they can breathe again. Oh, man. All right. >> So, for So, for the folks that don't >> I got to Oh, I got to take a screenshot this and put it in our Slack. There we go. Nice. >> Yeah. If if you don't know what a nose freed is, it's a tube that you can use to suck out your kids boogers when they're congested. Okay. Okay. So, like, and my sister, uh, we've kind of have like the reverse situation here, Dave. Like, my sister had kids first. She's got three kids. And she was explaining to me how sanitary it is. You know, how there's like a a booger catcher in the middle, so nothing ever goes in your mouth. Like, you're just there to provide the suction, which apparently you don't even need to do. >> It looks looks way more primitive than it actually is. >> Right. Right. And And I remember just being like, uh, like, no. You know, like I like my my thought was like, I'm never going to do that. You know what I like childhood said he was like, I'm I'm not going to do that. And um I remember I remember that moment really vividly because after our son was born when when he was about 4 months old, I was laying down on the couch and I was holding him up and I was moving him up and down and and we were laughing and just, you know, kind of having a good time. And then out of nowhere, this perfect cylinder of hot, partially digested breast milk comes out of his mouth. pro projectile spit up straight into my mouth. There was no spillage whatsoever. I felt like I don't think a drop of it was lost. It just goes directly out of his stomach and straight into my mouth. And the thing is like I wasn't I wasn't bothered by it, right? It was just another Wednesday to me. You know what I mean? >> Dude, I I I would have a such a weird like I could never be a vomit or poop guy and I was like there's no way there's no way I'm going to be able to clean up my kids puke. And there's just something about it when it's yours. It's like it is what it is, you know? >> Right. And and what made it even more interesting was that a few months prior, I couldn't even wrap my mind around a nose Freda, right? And now here I am like eating my son's spit up and and that was okay. And I didn't skip a beat and you know, we laughed about it. My wife laughed at me basically and then we you know, we had dinner. And so like it it just goes to show the warp speed like transformation that we go through as parents. And for me, uh, that transformation began on August 2nd, 2021. That's the morning, uh, Kelsey's water broke. So, we went to the hospital, we went through triage, and we, um, what do we do? We met our nurse, and we got settled into the delivery room, and we were told that this could be a long process, so we should get comfortable. And uh like unfortunately, you know, getting comfortable was pretty uh pretty much impossible for Kelsey. But uh you know, I didn't let that stop me. Like I came prepared. I had downloaded Netflix on my phone. I had my snacks. I had my drinks. Um like there was a nice recliner in the corner. Um so I I had I settled in. Um yeah, you know what I'm talking about, Dave. >> Yeah, we have a whole my friends and I we have a whole uh the boy the boys chat. We all have a group text which is uh become a joke now. And uh >> gosh this is a perfect example like I wrote this on LinkedIn that people would come for me with the pitchforks but if you can't hear the nuance and understand it's a joke. >> Yeah. >> Uh there's a whole there's a whole Reddit thread of like you know dad back like you know women have to go through giving birth but like we have to sleep in this we have to spend two nights sleeping in this god awful chair. Like what's what's actually more painful? >> Yeah I know about dad back. Yeah. Um but anyway, so I, you know, I made the most of it and I um I I remember I turned down the lights and I I put my headphones in. It was actually really peaceful in the room, >> listen to a podcast. >> Yeah. Hell yeah. Um and it was the it was the strangest thing though because as soon as I pressed it was Netflix. As soon as I pressed um play on my phone um an alarm went off and it was so confusing like my actually my first thought was like am I not allowed to watch Netflix while my wife is like I thought they were calling me out almost and then I was like no obviously there's a there is a fire um this is a fire alarm because it was loud and and and piercing and and there was this kind of red light flashing above the door and so I thought there was a fire and then and then a nurse walked in and then another nurse and another and then the doctors started coming in and the room just started filling up really fast. It was like a SWAT team of of medical professionals. And then and then suddenly there were like, you know, probably a dozen people in the room and the nurses were surrounding my wife and they, you know, began shifting her this way and that way and there was just this this feeling that like this dread, right? And I was kind of like backed into a corner and somebody pulled my sleeve and it was a doctor and she said that the baby's heart rate had plummeted. I remember that was the word she used which was really alarming. And and then I looked at the monitor and the screen was all lit up red. And this all happened in like a matter of seconds. Like one minute my wife was resting comfortably and it was peaceful and she was like about to fall asleep and the next she was like on her knees and and being coached through this this emergency. And like before I could really like process what this meant, like the screen turned back to green and the alarm stopped and everybody just kind of >> took a step back and turned around and walked out and the room cleared out basically as quickly as it had filled up. And then it was just me and my wife and the doctor and and she told us that the umbilical cord was probably wrapped around the baby's neck and that it was an incredibly volatile and and dangerous situation that if it happened again, Kelsey would would need an emergency C-section and then and then it did happen again and the SWAT team came back and the whole process repeated itself and then it was green again and then uh it happened again after that and the the red screen came back And that's when the doctor was like, "Okay, we have to do this." And my wife signed the release form. And then they just just like that rolled her out of the room and told me to wait and said that, you know, we'll be back for you when she's ready. And I remember sitting there alone in that room and feeling completely, you know, helpless in a way, like there was nothing I could do to make that situation better. And I was just there. And I remember the weight of this um the weight of this realization. It just came on so suddenly and so intensely and it was so so heavy and it made me sick. And I'm not like we were talking about religion, Dave, and like I'm not a religious person. Like I I said I live a pretty secular life, but like in that moment like with my back against the wall, I actually started to pray and I had no idea like what I was doing, you know? I didn't know how to talk to God. So I just I just started to barter with him. I was like, "God, God, please." >> I've done that. I'm like, "Look, man, I don't really come here much. >> I like I will suck every booger out of this kid's nose until he's 18. like please just let everything be okay. Um and and then he was born. Um and I remember the doctor lifting him up and I got my first glimpse of him over the blue curtain in the operating room cuz it was a C-section and I and I instantly recognized him. Like I I remember it um like it actually took my breath away and I gasped because it just felt like I knew his face. It was like >> Yep. >> You know what I mean? Like when you I remember thinking it was like when you run into somebody that you haven't seen in a long time and they've changed, you know what I mean? Like of like time has changed them, but you know they're they're the same person and you see them. >> Yeah. Like you see that guy from high school that put on like 200 lb. You're like whoa. But you know it's him. >> Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Except it was just it was my baby. It was like my kid. >> And I just felt like I knew him. >> Surreal, dude. >> Yeah. Yeah. And they they moved him into this um into this small room and it was adjacent to it was adjacent to the O and that's where they like clean him up and and measure him and weigh him. And then the nurse asked me to come in and this is where I'll stop and I'll reference uh a certain experiment I did a few years ago. Uh after he was born, I asked AI to describe the birth of its firstborn child. And then that's what I did. And then I and then I challenged myself to write my own version but using only as many words as the AI. So the AI came up with 88 words. I'll read it for you here. Um it wrote, "Meeting my firstborn child was a truly magical experience. It was a moment of joy and excitement that I will never forget. When I held my newborn for the first time, I felt a wave of love and warmth that I had not experienced before. I was filled with so much joy and pride that I was now a parent. My little one looked so peaceful and content in my arms. Seeing my baby for the first time was an unforgettable moment that I will cherish forever. And then since the >> It just feels it feels yucky knowing that it came from a computer. >> Yeah, I feel you, man. Um but that that's the 88 words. So since AI wrote 88 words, I wrote 88 words and I wrote uh he's so quiet, I said looking up at the nurse. She smiled behind her mask. We all wore masks. Gowns, too. Gloves and hairetss, too. Is that okay? I said. Is it okay he's not crying? Why isn't he crying yet? It's okay, said the nurse. He's quiet but alert, she said. Just look at him looking at you. I looked. He's looking right at you. He was He was looking into my eyes. He's saying hello, she smiled. Hello, I said. I felt like crying. Hello, son. That's >> I put this online uh this kind of sideby-side comparison and the response was was pretty overwhelming. Um it got hundreds of thousands of of impressions in the first day and thousands of likes and hundreds of comments and and the DMs and the emails and so it was it was really overwhelming actually. And the general consensus was that like my version was better. Okay. And I think I think the answer to why it's better is the same answer to your question in this post, Dave, like around why why is there more and more push back to AI, especially among people who work in um you know in marketing and copyrightiting and and uh and persuasion. Um, but first uh if if if it's cool with you, if if you want to, I could break down some of the more technical things and then circle back to the big picture. Is that all right? >> Yeah. Yeah. This uh remind a related thing. I don't know if you saw this, but some guy, it's not the exact same, but it's an interesting story. This guy posted uh he he posted a picture of a Monae painting. Did you see this? >> No. So this guy took an actual Monae painting and he posted on on X and then but he said he said this, "Hey, I just generated an AI image in the style of a Monae painting. Please describe in as much detail possible which makes this inferior than a real Monae painting." And all the comments everyone was like because it was framed as AI, everyone was like, "Oh, you can tell. Look at the left look at the left corner here. Like this brush mark is off." And then later he was like, "No, it was that was the actual Monae." >> Right. Well, that's that's an interesting conversation as well. Um, but it's like it's also you're tricking people, you know, like there's a there's I think there's a lot there's a lot of gray area there. Um, but I think when it comes to writing specifically, you know, there's um, and this isn't this isn't the big thing, but I think it's the obvious thing around the writing being better. uh like the AI version is just telling us things. This is kind of where I think it it differs from from art or like you know other disciplines. Um like the AI version is just telling us things whereas the human version is is kind of filled with things that make writing feel um rich and deep and and I'm going to show you >> your version gives us like it gives you more space to let your brain imagine what that it's like it felt more like reading a story. One of the fun things about reading a book is your mind puts together what what you think it is and that might look different. My daughter and I were talking about this the other day, like what do you think this character looks like? And she's like, "Really? I think he looks like this." And it's like, "Oh, that's cool." >> That's exactly right. Yeah. >> And do you think do you think like that's something like Yeah. I I kind of threw you off on the art thing. It was just a side joke, side side story. Not not actually it wasn't a good example to compare to this but um do you think there's something about writing though like because communic is it because like is there some tie to like us being cavemen and writing and the history of language and how we communicate? Is it something about that or is it just literally like the form of like text on a page just feels different? Like >> at the end of the day whether the AI made it or whether a human made it and somebody takes it like somebody interprets it whatever way they do it I don't think that really matters. It's the effect that it has on you, but it's like the the the I think we're talking about like the process of creation. like as the creator, as the writer, as the artist, if you're going through the process of it, um then there will be a difference between, you know, the thing that was just prompted and created by the AI versus the thing that was, you know, the person that went through the process of of creating that writing, creating that art, whatever it is. You know, if somebody looks at a Monae that was, you know, that that somebody said was AI, they're going to see AI, you know, and if somebody looks at an AI that somebody said was Monae, they're going to see a Monae and it really does not matter. It doesn't matter at the end of the day because it's the perception is the is the reality for them. So, it is what it is and that's the reality of the situation. That's the world that we're living in, whatever. But if you want to um create the best work that you can create, then going through the process is important. I think like I get this guy's point like I I understand what he's saying and he's making a good point and he's making it well and you know it is what it is and and that's the truth. But who knows what that could have been if he had taken the you know if a real artist had taken the time to uh to go through it where where it would have ended up you know maybe not the quality itself but the idea and the concept would have been different. >> Um and I mean I'm not an artist. I don't know anything about art. I I can't really speak to that. But I know from an advertising standpoint, from a writing standpoint, if you have if you go through the process of writing, that is where the work is done. And it is going to be fundamentally different and many times much better uh than if you were to just oneshot it um or go through a series of prompts. uh because that process that that you know that tedious kind of like working through the ideas like I'll give you an example. I'm working on a training right now that I pre-sold a couple months ago and the way that this training started the like what I thought it was going to be versus what it is now after several months of working on it completely different. It's like two different like it's the same thing. It's about sales emails. It's the same it's the same topic, but the way that I envisioned it versus where it is now is completely different and a thousand times better. It's like it started in New York and I'm in LA now, you know? And thank God for me going through that process cuz I guess in theory I could have just one-shotted it with Chat GPT or something, you know. I could have just done that. Um, everybody has that option now, but it would have been a thousand times worse. And so there is a a yeah there's um there's so much value in going through it and putting yourself through through the motions. Um you know what I mean? >> But and yeah, so like like with with AI um yeah I think it it can write coherently but I I don't think that writing is like its core competency. Like I think it's it's I think that that's also clear based on like how often we say to ourselves like or hear others say like oh this sounds like AI wrote it, you know, like there's just this kind of like onenote flavor of AI writing that's that's become extremely I think like recognizable and obvious and uninspired. So >> So what do you what what do you what does it mean for for people that listen to this that that work in marketing and do a lot of writing? Like what's the what does all what does all this mean for for them? What does it mean for us in our in our jobs and our work? >> Well, I think it means that not much has really changed. I mean, I think I think it's like the the tool is there now. Um, we have >> What is it like you if you want to win, if you want to stand out, if you want to get that subscriber, that customer, that whatever you work for a nonprofit or you want the message to spread is that you have to because everyone everything else everyone else is going to be doing this, it's all going to feel like that. The opportunity which is like you're left everything's going to feel like that computerenerated copy. The opportunity to stand out is to be the human generated thing. Is that the opportunity? >> Well, yeah. I think the bar has been raised, right? Like there's now everybody no matter where they are in the world, no matter how much how well they they they speak a language, no matter what level of education they have or what level of experience or wisdom they possess, like they're they are, you know, it's been it's been democratized like the level of writing or the level of uh you know, of uh of of creative expression any in any one discipline. So yeah, so like the the bar has been has been elevated, but now you just kind of So now you just kind of roll with that and still go through your process. Use these tools to your advantage, but still go through the process. It's not like I haven't been using AI to do my research or to to help me along the way as I'm creating this training. Um, but I'm still putting myself through the motions that I would have put myself through before AI, you know. >> Yeah. What's interesting is like I so for for like writing writing my newsletter as an example, I write my newsletter based on the podcast. And what I do is I will say like, hey, this is my podcast with Eddie, here are the three like I have notes on what I thought the interesting nuggets were. And like for the newsletter, it's supposed to be just kind of like quick hits, um, digestible stuff to get you to listen more or or get some info. So, it's like pull out these three things like and I get the transcript and I take it from the transcript and I have those three things that I said with Eddie. But then I sit down after and I write the intro and I put my humor on it and I move things around and like I I I feel like that is the writing process. Like what the first part is just like the research and getting my material and I noticed that the more I lean into that like the personality storytelling like the more that I use those that types of copy I get way more responses. And so there's definitely something that resonates with people or like even more recently the stuff that I'm writing on LinkedIn, I'm trying to like lean into more my kind of just wild off-the-cuff writing style like from my phone in my kitchen. I'm just noticing that that is generating more. It's getting more interest in responses. There's almost like becoming it's like the new banner blindness is we're like subconsciously blind to all of the kind of AI generated you know email webinar invites landing page copy and you're more likely to have something stand out and resonate if you've kind of gone through that process. It's it's an interesting it's an interesting way to think about it because I think everyone is searching for like the fastest, most efficient, shortest cut way to do a lot of things and you're basically remaking the case that like like anything worth building in in life or worth doing. It's often times like the process that leads to, you know, the actual out something that's actually going to get the outcome that you want. >> Yeah. There's no I don't think I don't think there's anything wrong with using AI to shortcut some things. Um, but then there's definitely a problem with using AI to shortcut other things. Like I think the research like copywriting is kind of a misnomer to me. I almost I always called it copy researching because that's what took up the bulk of of my time on any one project is like going out finding anecdotal information, finding anecdotal data from a market, understanding that market as well as I can. That was that was really timeconuming and and really tedious and AI just as an example makes it so much easier to collate and collect a lot of data from a specific market from all over the internet put it together see what the overlap is see what the common themes are um you know that's that was I wouldn't call it busy work but it was definitely taking the the majority of my time and And it was really hard and it was it was cutting it was cutting the time that I had to to actually write the the promotion, write the piece. Now it's kind of flipped on its on its head. Like now I can use AI to go out, find that information, find that anecdotal data, put it together um in a really reliable way, and then give myself that much more time to put it together creatively um and in a way that's inspired. And I think that's that's the word here. It's like it's like the writing is good, but it's not inspired. And maybe that's what I'm >> inspired for. Yes. It has that charge in it, >> right? Maybe that's what I'm talking about. You know what I mean? It's like um everybody can write now, but can you write? >> It's like uh >> there there's a there's a local little sandwich shop in my town and it's amazing. The lady makes them amazing sandwiches. But I could also go to Panera. I could get the I get a turkey bacon sandwich at Panera and it's going to taste like one of those kind of, you know, big box store offtheshelf gas station type of sandwiches. Which one's better? >> Right. I mean, maybe. Yeah. Which one's better? I don't know what this what this lady's shop looks like, but if the atmosphere in that shop is different, if >> 10 out of 10, she's amazing. >> You know what I mean? Like, it it's there's there's a lot of different variables. >> All right. Do you have more Do you have more slides? Are you done? >> I have more slides. Let me get let me let me go through some of the things that that >> I think make writing inspired and I think need humanity to uh get there. So I think inspired writing has holes in it right and holes let the reader basically participate in the narrative. So, it leaves room for the reader to, like you were saying earlier, use her imagination to access her own kind of experiences and wisdom and insert these things into the story. And that makes reading a much more, I think, realistic and immersive um experience. And so, there's a few technical things that anyone can do to create holes, right? So, you can frame the story in dialogue, which is simple but not easy, I think. Um, you can use anti-escription, which is basically not providing too much detail at all. And, and I'll show you what that looks like in a second. And then there's um there's subtext, which is basically like allowing the context, what's going on in the scene, to dictate the meaning behind the words. So, um, so for example, I don't have to tell you in this scene that I wrote that I'm anxious, right? Like, you can tell based on what I'm saying, the observations I'm making, and the questions I'm asking. That's the power of dialogue. It's basically it's it's how we get to know people in real life, you know, like you understand a person, who they are largely based on what they do and do not say out loud. You know what I mean? But like writing good dialogue that feels real, that feels like it came out of a real person's mouth, is is really difficult. It's really hard. And sometimes humans can't can't do it well at all, even when they're getting paid and the stuff they're writing is going on TV. You know what I mean? So, this is a really hard thing to do and it takes a grasp of the human condition and the context of the situation. And so, this is something that AI struggles with a lot. Okay. Um, and also with anti-escription, I don't have to tell you I'm in a hospital, right? You can tell because I mention the nurse, right? I don't have to tell you about the environment. I don't have to tell you about um, you know, the smells and the colors and the sterility of the hospital. You can tell because I mention masks and gowns and gloves and hairetss, right? So, I'm not giving you a description as much as I'm giving you this this kind of anti-escription. small details that force you to um color in the story based on your own uh experiences in a hospital, right? Creating an image that is uh like invariably more real and believable because it's coming from your own brain, like your own memory of that place. And so this process of of filling in the details for yourself, exactly what you're talking about with your daughter, like even if they're not perfectly accurate, it's it's not only engaging, but it's also like helping you conjure a more profound uh and like vivid image. Uh almost like like a like a mind movie, you know. And we've actually talked about this before in a call, Dave, about the Kchoff effect. Um it was this researcher left Koul. Do you remember this? >> Mhm. Yeah. Tell the story. >> Lev so Lev Kulchoff did an experiment. Um he put an actor in front of a camera and he asked him to deliver an expressionless look, right? And then Kchave showed audiences a series of shots followed by the actor's expressionless face. So if you're not watching this, if you're listening to this, just imagine an expressionless face and then imagine Kolchave showing this audience a bowl of soup, for example, and then the face, right? And then he would show them a small girl in a coffin, right? And then he would show them the same face of that actor. And then he would show them a woman on a fainting couch and then that same face. And what's interesting uh is that audiences were just amazed by uh the range of this great actor. They were so moved by his range, the way that he expressed his his hunger in front of the bowl of soup and his grief at the child's death and um you know his desire for the um the woman on the couch, right? And so what this proved is that in theatrical acting the actor doesn't have to overdo it, right? He doesn't have to project to the back of the house because the audience is already assigning the actor the emotions they think the actor is feeling, right? Even though the actor isn't expressing anything at all. So this expressionist expressionist look in film, in acting is a lot like um you know what I call anti-description in in writing. By giving the reader less, you're actually giving them more to imagine, to visualize, and and more to experience because the experience is happening in their head. And you know, like I I mean, I'm not a technologist. I don't know where this stuff is going, but right now, this is hard for the AI to do. it's hard for it to grasp and it needs it needs a human touch there in order to really execute this effectively I think at least at a really high level. Um, and as for uh subtext, because the audience knows this is my first child, that very last line, hello son, um, actually takes on a completely different meaning, right? So, ostensibly, it's a it's a greeting, right? But really, it's it's so much deeper than that, right? Like it in this case, it's actually a transformation. It's the beginning of my life as a parent, as someone with this profound responsibility. And so I'm no longer that guy that's like, you know, like afraid of the nose Fredo, right? Like I'm not I'm not that guy anymore. I'm someone else. I've become a different person. And and you, the reader, are witnessing that. And I don't have to tell you this, right? I don't I don't have to project this to the back of the room. You can feel it. Even if you can't put your finger on it, you can feel it. And and um and I guess like that's enough like that feeling is enough to move people. Um and so that's something else that like the AI has a lot of trouble with. It's kind of like knowing where that line is between feeling it and expressing it outright. Um it's it's really really hard for robots to do that and it's really hard for people to do to do that. You know what I mean? So, um, that's just one way that like, you know, leaning on on the machines too much can really stifle your writing, stifle your expression. And, you know, we see that in the AI. Like, all of this is in such stark contrast to what the AI does, which is basically, you know, spoon feeding you the significance of the moment, the meaning of this moment. And, and you'll notice the AI's version is perfect. that's sterilized. It's this it's this like a um it's like this amalgamation of ideal feelings and phrases, you know, like um what do I like truly magical experience, moment of joy and excitement, a wave of love and warmth, so much joy and pride, unforgettable moment. This is what the AI is writing and it's ramming the experience down your throat instead of like inviting you to um to take part, right? which is what good writing does. >> Yeah, spoon feeding is a perfect way to frame that. >> Yeah. So, I mean, so, so back to your question, Dave, like why why are people pushing back on AI? My perspective is I I I think I think the real turnoff, especially folks in our industry, like marketers, you know, copywriters, commercial storytellers, people who need to get under the skin and into the psyche of a market to, you know, exact some kind of change or or compel an action. These folks understand that like to quote Jeff Goodby like a a great ad is a mirror that you put in front of your audience, right? In other words, like the the best advertising is something people immediately see themselves in. It's something immediately relevant to their reality, what they've lived through, what they know to be true. And and the truth about meeting your firstborn child is that it's it's not always this rosy idyllic thing. You know what I mean? Like the way the AI made it sound, right? like even if if everything went perfectly, there's still fear and anxiety and doubt that can overshadow the the beauty of it all. Um, which sets in later, but in the immediate, it's it's not always there. And that's especially true if if things didn't go perfectly well, right? Like then then the fear and the anxiety and the doubt is just through the roof, which is which is what my version was. And and you know, of course, the the AI couldn't understand those feelings. H >> why and what why they didn't understand like because the AI the AI didn't just uh you know watch the most important person in his life go through you know this this incredibly hard and complicated labor right because >> um you know the AI >> go through the process it didn't have to make the baby like that you know grow the baby like yeah >> not at all and it didn't have to it didn't have to witness this baby struggling to breathe inside inside my wife right it didn't have to um you know it wasn't there during emergency surgery at 4:00 in the morning. You know like pe like people are people are the like the most incredible animals because every day we go through life with this knowledge that everything we care about and everything we love could be just completely taken away from us. And yet we we um we go on anyway, right? Every day we persist and and sometimes we have moments that remind us of this reality and that does something to us, right? That and that's why I wrote what I wrote. I wrote my truth and my reality and because we all share the human experience, so many people understood that truth. They they related to my version to to my experience, my way of expressing it. Um, you know, which gave them them room and space, you know, alongside me. And I I think they were equally underwhelmed by the version put forth by the AI like because it's just it's just this computer. It's just regurgitating the sterilized version of perfection and it's just didn't exist. Wasn't true. >> All right, Eddie. Good job. We This is a a well-needed message. A break from a break from reality with Eddie. Thank you. >> No, this is good. Thank you. >> A break from reality. You're I mean, yeah, you're going to be you're going to be the first one that they take out the robots, but I appreciate your your speech there. >> Well, what's your perspective, D? How tell tell me what your um tell me what you're thinking. What are your first thoughts when somebody comes out like that? >> Um my first thoughts when when with AI? >> Well, just I just I I just I just told you something. >> Yeah. How how did it, you know, how did it make you feel? >> I think you're right. I think it I think it does. Look, and I think there's plenty of people that are going to argue like the real AI people are going to say this, you know, the models can do this and here's why and da da da. And I think but I don't think you're saying the same thing. I think what you're saying is like the way I interpret is like there's always going to be an opportunity to have like the handcrafted handmade thing made by a human. And I feel like that with food, with buildings, with rest, whatever it is. And I think the same is true in in marketing and and writing. And there's some, you know, hard to define reason, but you can just feel it. And I think you're making that you're making that case. And I I totally buy into that because I'm a human. I still want to have a job. I want to, you know, I I'd love to believe that like the made by human thing re really matters. Not just because of the like philosophical thing like I'm I'm team human and I want it to be made by my team, but just like I feel like there there is something there that that uh a a robot type of thing can't can't hit on in in the same way. So, um >> I think you're right about I there's it's there's no doubt that like it's um you know there there aren't going to be as many copywriters or there aren't going, you know, there aren't going to be as many marketers. there's there's going to be there's going to be just um I don't know what I don't know what's going to happen, but I do know that like whether I'm actually sitting down and writing this stuff myself and using my fingertips to type it or you know I'm I'm in however many years talking to talking to a machine and telling you what to write. Like there's like copywriting and marketing is a human profession because you you need to tap into you need to tap into the human condition to to understand it and to understand that market to to be able to I'm writing that down. Well, that's a really good that's a good headline. Why copywriting is a human profession. Love that. That's it. Let's make that case. It it absolutely is. It's um it's it's a it copyrightiting is about empathy and understanding a market and understanding what people want whether it's rational or not. You know, whatever it is that market needs, whatever it is that market wants, whether you agree with it, it's like the ultimate form of empathy. It's the ultimate exercise in empathy because for as long as you're working on that promotion, you're not yourself anymore. You're you are actually trying to assume the consciousness of of somebody else and their perspective and their worldview, who they are and what they want. And sometimes that doesn't follow that what they want doesn't follow all the rules. you know, it's not something that you could just go and and um you know, you can't just uh you can't just you can't just get it. You have to you have to talk to them or you you have to put it together somehow. Um and you have to find an angle that is going to appeal to them based on whatever they're thinking. So, >> sir, all right, we got to we got to wrap. I got to jump. You got to go. Eddie, uh Eddie Schlainer, thanks for coming on, brother. Uh we're going to link to all your stuff. verygoodcopy.com. Um, I love this I love this topic. Something for us to think about and I I I I very much needed this session today. So, thank you, sir. >> I appreciate you, Dave. Thank you for having me, man. >> All right. Bye.