I think that people want to believe that they can just, you know, be an expert. That being an expert and that be their expertise is what makes them stand out. Their quality of work is what makes them stand out. So, it's like what I say is like you can't build a business on expertise because expertise isn't what matters. >> The Business Owner's Journey. I'm Nick Berry and I've got real business owners telling their real stories, sharing their real lessons and strategies so you don't have to figure it all out on your own. Kaelin Burgoyne is a marketing strategist, the founder of Being Unignoreable, and one of the sharpest voices you'll find bridging behavioral science with modern marketing strategy. Why do some experts become so well known for one idea while someone else who's equally talented stays completely invisible? Today we get into buyer psychology, ownable ideas, and the real reason why expertise alone won't grow your business anymore. Expect to learn how to spot where the market's moving before everyone else, whether courses actually deliver the outcomes that buyers want. Kaelin's take on why expertise isn't enough to stand out anymore, the best and worst ways to find an ownable idea, what Kaelin's feedback on my parallel process reveals about why your business may have grown in spite of you. What makes positioning statements actually revelatory? How to shape what you believe into what your buyer needs to hear. Her take on the future of services in the AI era and much, much more. Kaelin's a phenomenal guest. Enjoy this episode. >> It's funny, I started my journey as a agency owner and now, 15 years later, I'm an agency owner again. And there was this big period in the middle where I did all sorts of different things. So, I guess what I would start with is um a lot of folks right now are probably experiencing something similar to what, you know, I think there's there's always this question that we have in service businesses or when we're selling expertise. And we want to sell something more scalable, you know, stop selling our time. And that was something that was really attractive to me about 3 years into my agency. We'd been growing quickly, but I was feeling kind of the call of like doing something that wasn't selling our team's time. And went through this whole journey, ended up building a VC-backed tech company that failed miserably, but looked really good for a while. Then ended up building a creator-based and education business, which is more what I'm doing now, where it's more of like a media and course-based business. I'm in the process of pivoting to doing services. So, I think it's an interesting I guess there's this through line through all of that, which is that I think as there's always this like shiny object syndrome that we have as entrepreneurs. I think particularly as expert-based entrepreneurs, when there's so many different ways you can package what you do into something that people want to buy. And I guess one lesson I'd share with your listeners is that I think right now is actually a really exciting time to be in services. Because for a long time, figuring out how to scale a service-based business required having a lot of excellent talent and being able to be good at going out and getting lots of clients. And you know, businesses kind of just became bloated by nature of the beast. They wanted to deliver more services. They became an everything agency. I think with what's shifting in the world with AI and the way that like individual businesses want to hire and get support in their own business, I think it's a really exciting time to be in the world we're in. Because there's ways that we can augment what we're doing and create businesses that look more like what I've been calling brainware businesses, where instead of it being like a software business or services business, there's this kind of cool thing in the middle. And so, yeah, I'd I'd share that. Like I've gone through the whole spectrum of both and come back out being really bullish on where services can go. >> You You've put out some very successful products and then you discontinued them and you've made several pivots over time. Those are big decisions. I want to hear more about your thought process. How do you How do you think your way through those decisions? >> That's a great question. So, I consider like I'm I'm a bit of a I'm like a bit of a futurist in that I can I like to I like to think that I can kind of see what's coming when it's still quite a bit down the road. And going back to my initial pivot from like so my first agency was a branding agency. I started it 25 years old and no freaking clue what I was doing. Grew it to a team of about eight. We were working with like clients with Target and Holiday Inn. But like I was like I want to get out of the services world. I want to sell something more scalable than my time. At that time, this is 2013. I was like, well, courses are kind of interesting. world's way too crowded. Like there's no space there. It's so saturated. Remember this is 2013. Like I was wrong. There would have been lots of opportunity to build a education based business at that time. Um but I thought that it was too saturated and I decided I wanted to build a tech company. I see happening now when it comes to strategic pivots is like I never wanted to sell courses because I've never thought that courses actually deliver the outcomes that a lot of people want. And as a person who cares about delivering outcomes, who wants my clients or my customers to get success out of their anything any work that we do together. I was, you know, it was always to me kind of like alienated by that industry cuz it felt like it was a lot of smoke and mirrors and not a lot of value being created for the majority of buyers. And so I decided to do the tech company. That was the leading decision why I didn't go into the education space then. And I at the time could see that women were a huge opportunity and untapped market when it came to business because there were all of these women building these creative creative businesses, coaching businesses, like basically selling digitally online. And I saw an opportunity to build a network specifically for them. And I was like women are creating businesses at the fastest rate in history and the way that they do business and approach things is differently. And I think we could build a community specifically for women entrepreneurs to actually be able to do business together. Now this is again 2013 and at that time I was like there's this huge thing happening with creator businesses and there's an opportunity to be able to build the space specifically for women who are also starting businesses at this rapid clip. But going on pitching that to VCs was really freaking hard because they didn't understand anything about the creator economy that was about to happen. They didn't understand why I would build a business that just targeted women because as a marketer that's obvious to us, right? Like understand your ICP, be really targeted. But so raising funding for that was a real challenge. Figuring out how to scale was a real challenge. I didn't have the right technical team in place. But like the way that I guess to come back to this like decision-making framework is like I try to look ahead at what where I see the market is moving and figure out how to get there sooner. The reason why I with after Vendi, which was my VC-backed tech company, like we became it was looking great from the outside. We had raised money from like a prominent VC. Eventually it took me time to get there, but like we were being called like the next LinkedIn by Inc. Magazine and Forbes. But like internally we had built a product that just kept breaking and it wasn't sticky. And people would join and then they would not stick around. And so as a as a platform it was never going to work unless I could figure that retention piece out and we just didn't have the runway to do it. And I didn't have the team or the experience to do it. Like I was too inexperienced. And it's funny because years later, like 5 years later, a company launched called Chief, similar concept, network for women entrepreneurs, now a like I think like a $2 billion business. >> Mhm. >> I just didn't execute it well. But the idea was right. But to kind of answer your original question in a lot of this meandering way, I think that I try to look at where current tensions are and try to figure out how to solve for those ahead of time. And this is why I'm so excited and bullish after like making millions of dollars in a education and media-based company, I think that world's going to change dramatically in the next coming years and I want to get out of it and get into where I think the market's moving before that change happens. >> Where do you see the market moving now? >> I see it moving to something like brainware companies. I think ultimately nobody ever I So I had a call conversation with Nathan Berry who's the founder of Kit on his podcast back in 2022 and I talked to him about how I didn't like people selling courses because again like they don't often get people the outcomes. Nobody wants to take a course, people want to get the outcome promised by the course. And so I think there's going to be this future where people who have a specific methodology and approach to getting an outcome. In my case that's helping people to figure out what they want to be known for and to build a personal brand and authority around it. I think in the future you'll see that rather than creating kind of like or courses where people have to figure out and do it on their own, you'll see this movement towards non-technical people being able to build technical solutions that allow them to scale their expertise and deliver it in this really new interesting kind of like hybrid way. So what I'm trying to build with Unignorable now is that it's a done basically done for you model, but we're building a lot of infrastructure in the back end that allows it to still be scalable. And so I think that you'll see a lot more of that where you'll see service-based agencies picking one narrow focus of something that they want to do and an outcome they want to deliver for clients and figuring out how to with a combination of really smart people and processes and these new tools that we all have access to deliver that outcome for their clients and do it more predictably and scalably than we ever have before. So I think that's where things are going to move and people will want to pay for the outcome, not the information. >> So yeah, that's very interesting. So is that like you're outsourcing your infrastructure? So if you're the idea person or you're the creator like you so you can focus on that, you take your role and then I can come to you and you have my my infrastructure or what does that look like? >> So what looks like for us is like so the central argument that I have for building Unignorable is that I believe that expert entrepreneurs in particular like they don't get known for being good, they get known for like this one idea that people associate with them and that that's the way to grow a business and I think it's always been true but I think in the current landscape we're in it's more true than ever. And so but how do you figure out what you want to be known for? How do you figure out what the thing is that you want to really drill in on and create a message around and create your and build your business on top of. And for a lot of folks figuring that out on their own is really effing hard. Like there is a whole bunch of cognitive biases that are working against us to actually figure it out on our own. We overthink our own stuff, we're much better at reasoning other people's problems than our own. And so I feel like there's this huge opportunity for expert entrepreneurs to figure this out and that it's going to be the launchpad for their for their businesses and it's also really hard to do alone. And so I was thinking of like okay like so I ran the Unignorable Challenge which was a 30-day group cohort with the team at Demand Curve and we helped a lot of our students get amazing outcomes. Like they went on to build like audiences that completely changed their business and their life but they were the minority, right? Like a lot of people that went through that we had over 1800 students, there was a lot of people that never applied it, that never actually did the work, that still felt stuck because it's hard to figure this stuff out on your own. And so the way that it works inside of Unignorable is that basically we work with our clients, we're building a complete methodology that's kind of like very systematized on how we help to get into their head and kind of like extract their brilliance and then we go out and we do deep market research because as you know I'm nerdy about why people buy to understand their audience and then we work together to shape what they want to say and what they believe into what their audience wants to hear into a message that can be that their platform. And the process of doing that requires all of this like kind of like there's all of these steps. And if we can use AI and automation to kind of like automate more of the steps, the stuff where you don't need the smart strategist, like the research side of things, like the you know, the onboarding of the clients, all of these kind of like manual steps. The more of that we can automate, the more the time we spend actually with our clients becomes really high value. And so then we can deliver for them an outcome that they're willing to pay a premium for cuz they get an outcome that's meaningful, but do it in a hopefully less bandwidth and on the team's time. So that's kind of like the model I'm working towards. >> AI it's it's going to make the the whole thing more of a practical endeavor for that idea owner to to have all of these other capabilities. Yeah, so Joe Daniels >> Mhm. Joe what's for the baby as well as trying to figure out is this actually going to work or is this just like a big thing that I have in my head that's never going to work. >> So Joe Joe was a previous guest on the show and I communicate with him and I I think really highly of him. So he's paid you some very high compliments in our conversations. He said insanely valuable and helped me package how I think into something that I can actually communicate. >> Yeah. And so just so your listeners have some context that you and I have, Joe is a messaging and offer expert. >> Right. >> He struggled for 3 years to do this on his own cuz it's so effing hard to do on your own. I'm in the process right now like once I actually publicly launch this, I will be hiring people to help me with the messaging for this because it's so hard to do on your own. I'm I'm already working with Joe on helping to shape the offer. So there's no shame in getting help with this even when you're an effing expert. >> I would take it a step further. It's beyond there's just no shame like that's what the best do. >> It is true. >> like you're He's not an exception in in doing that. You're not an exception. I'm not an exception. Like, that is what you do is you go find the people who know how to do this part of it and you enlist their help. >> Mhm. Yeah, absolutely. And so, since we work together, Joe has found his ownable idea and for him that is biability. And what that means for Joe is that like essentially there's again like looking at what's changing in the world. People used to spend a whole bunch of time trying to like research which companies they wanted to work with, figure like they would do sales calls, they would kind of like go through the whole process with a few different vendors before they would decide who they're going to work with. That's not how we buy anymore, right? We often discover somebody often a thought leader through social media or we get referred to somebody and we go and we start like consuming their content and then we get to their website and we look at their offer and we try to decide does this Is this going to solve my problem? Do I understand what it is? Am I curious enough to want to move the next to the next step, whether that's like saying yes right then because it's so clear and so viable that you can say yes right away or whether it's okay, I'm definitely booking a sales call to like move forward cuz I'm so convinced that I want to work with these folks. So, there's this big shift happening in a in the way that businesses make buying decisions and Joe is at the forefront of explaining how do you make your company viable? How do you make your service offering viable? How do you package it in a way that instead of just saying contact us for a quote, which we all know, we've all been on those websites and how often do you actually move forward if it's not through a direct referral or you've been following that person for years, then maybe you move forward. But what happens with all those people that are landing on your website, that are discovering you, that never take the next step because your offer's not clear, it's not viable, they don't know exactly what they're going to get. That's the work that Joe does now. And since he reframed how he talked to what he does, used to call himself a homepage messaging expert, right? Since he reframed what he what he does around being viable against this idea of not having to sell harder, but be more viable, he's generated within the first couple of weeks it was like 100k in pipeline. I'm not sure where he's at now in terms of the change, but it's been a massive change for his business because he's clearer on it now. And if a brilliant expert like Joe needs help to get clearer on it, then what help hope do the rest of us have, right? >> Right, exactly. Somebody like Joe for for them to have an own idea, is this something that it already exists and they just haven't named it yet? >> Often yet. Yeah, often that what it is is that they will have a strong opinion and belief system and a way of doing work that is different, but they've never actually been able to sit down, articulate it, tease it all out. And what is often the case is they don't even recognize their differentiated approach in the way that they should because to them it's obvious. And it's like, well, of course you do it this way. And then when we're having conversations with them and we're pulling this out and we're looking at the competitive landscape, a lot of what we do is looking at what else is out there, what are other people saying, how are people buying solutions in your space right now because we want to be able to differentiate our clients. And a lot of the times the things that they do that are differed, they kind of discount them, they don't realize how unique they are. And so it's our job to identify, help them identify those too, and go, "Wait a minute. Stop right there. Like that thing you just said is really powerful and you're not even talking about that." And like so a lot of it's often that work and it's kind of like excavating it out of them, which requires us to go off and do a lot of kind of like pre-work to understand the landscape in the market so that we can spot those things. So there's a it's like very much in them already, but it just needs to be pulled out. >> Some refining and then taking that to market. Is it it's an own path from there? >> We The way I frame it is you need We help people to find, shape, and share it because often times, especially people who are not necessarily natural marketers like Joe, the way that they talk about what they do and what makes them different is absolutely true and absolutely important, but it's not framed in a way that the buyer needs to hear. And so, even they'll keep saying this message that is like a belief system that's really powerful, but it's just not framed right. So, so much of what we need to do is then take that and go, "Okay, this is what you want to say. We're going to help shape that into what your buyer needs to hear." >> So, for example, Joe now may feel like he's still talking about the same thing that he's always talked about, but now he's framed it differently. It's framed it in a way that it it doesn't need to be translated again for the message recipient. >> Mhm. >> It's the things that he's talked about, the things that he's already believed, generally speaking it. >> And a big piece of this, too, is you've got to like the language of making it sticky is a huge part of what we do and what we're really good at. Because when you think about so, just so your listeners have context, like we're talking about ownable ideas, like what a zone they would know what they are, but they're not going to know what they are. So, an ownable idea is essentially a mental territory that you can own that is when you, you know, when you're effective in owning it, when people think of that thing, they think of you. And like when somebody else is sharing that idea, it sounds like an echo coming from anybody else. So, some examples of these, I'm going to name some ownable ideas, and then I want you to say if you know who who said them. So, who's the first person that comes to mind when you hear start with why? >> A cynic? >> Yeah, right. Who when you hear Atomic Habits, who comes to mind? >> Is that Clear? James Clear? >> It's James Clear. What about StoryBrand? >> I can see the cover of the book and I can't think of his name. We talk about him all the time. >> But you know him, right? You know him. You're there. There's not like you're not like there's not like five people that go, "Oh, it could be this guy, this guy, that girl." No, there's like one person that owns the space. Donald Miller is the guy. >> go. >> And so, there's like to become an idea owner, it's not just about coming up with some clever like language, right? Like Atomic Habits had a really clear argument that was completely different from most productivity and habit formation advice that had been out previously. Before people had just talked about like, you know, consistency and like working harder and like he was like, "No, he's like, you need to actually create like it's the small like repetitions and like figuring out like the the thing that's going to make it easy for you to do, that's going to make it fun for you to do, that's going to remove friction." Like if you can figure out these things and you can optimize around that, you can actually get make progress on the things you care like he had a completely different framework and approach to habit building and like to to productivity than anybody else had been talking about before him. And so, it's not just that the language Atomic Habits is clear is a compelling, you have to have the underlying story and approach that's different. And that's what we help people to shape up. That's what we help people to find, but once you do and you can wrap it in language that spreads, that's where it spreads like fire. And that's with Joe, he already had the whole approach that was different. He already had a an argument for why people were doing this in the wrong way, but he hadn't wrapped it in the viability language yet. He hadn't figured out the exact story and how to talk about it yet. And that's the work that us doing it together just crystallized it for him. >> Okay. So, my example might be the parallel process. My thesis is that for an expertise business to grow, the founder has to grow as a leader alongside the business having to grow. >> I like that. >> Like that. >> Here's my question is I think that that's absolutely true. I don't know that I've not heard that before. So, this is where there's the opportunity to keep shaping it, right? Because like when I think about the key ingredients to an ownable idea, one of them is it needs to be relevatory, which is much easier to write than to say. But like it needs to be something where somebody goes, "Oh, I haven't thought about it that way before." So, let me kind of share an example. Everybody wants to like, you know, in in all of history humans want to be able to have like to be financially secure, do work that they care about, not have to work too much. Like that's all true. We've all wanted that, right? Lots and lots of people have made a lot of money by meeting that desire with a new message. So you look at somebody like Justin Welsh, right? Justin Welsh didn't create the word solopreneur, but he completely reframed it and made it a movement. And the way that he came about it is he shared something kind of revelatory. Before Justin started talking about solopreneurship, most people thought that the way to build wealth and success was to start a big company, raise a bunch of money, become the next unicorn tech company. That was like what success looked like for a lot of ambitious people. Or it was keep moving up the corporate ladder, get the biggest title you can get, get the, you know, be part of the C-suite. Like there was paths to success, but work by yourself as a solopreneur was not a path that people saw as {quote} successful until Justin reframed it. And he reframed it and said that actually being a solopreneur wasn't about building a small business because you couldn't build something bigger. It was because you chose to build small because you wanted the freedom that came with that path. And you could still make a lot of money on that path. I mean, how many people out there were selling make money on the internet before Justin? Everybody. So many people, right? But Justin was able to offer a new lens on how to go about it and create an identity people could step into that didn't sound like anything they'd heard before. Small used to be bad. Justin made small actually an intentional, thoughtful choice and gave people an identity they could step into. So I'd say when it comes to figuring out the ownable idea, there needs to be like a revelatory component. And I think that yours is there. I think that there's a element to shape it where it becomes more like a like I didn't think about it that way before. Because that's what makes people pause and go. Cuz a lot of times like we might give advice that's good, but it's good and they already know it, so it's not going to have the stickiness. Yeah. Yeah, I can see what you're talking about. It's some of it would be maybe language, but some of it also is going to be the point of view itself. It needs to We're going to have to show them the the image from a different angle or under the point. >> Exactly. You need to figure out like how do I share this in a way that meets the like, you know, meets the core desire that my audience has, that solves a painful problem that they're experiencing, and that shows them a new solution, right? Because it's the new solution and the new approach. Solopreneurship for many people was not something that looked like the ideal solution. And then when they Justin framed it the way he did, another great example of somebody who did this masterfully is Cody Sanchez with Boring Businesses, right? Again, same same basic argument of Justin, which is you want to be wealthy, you want to be successful, you think the path to doing that is to start some sexy startup or to, you know, crush yourself in like a 9-to-5. But actually, idiots, there's all this money to be made on Main Street. Buy a plumbing company, start a buy a car wash. Like that was like, what? Like I never thought about like I was thinking I was going to do, you know, the next unicorn tech company or I was going to do like some sexy direct-to-consumer product. Like a car wash? And then she's like, yeah, there like so it's like that revelatory nature where it's like boring businesses are actually the path to wealth. When you hear that the first time you hear it, you go, that's what I thought was true. And that needs to be a piece of it for it to really take off. And so for me, when I think about ownable ideas, it's like the underlying element there is like people keep thinking, "Oh, I need like a personal brand or like oh like I, you know, I I'm an expert so like I just need to keep stacking credentials and like, you know, doing good work and that will help me to grow my business." I don't think that's true. I think that that's was more true years ago. I think that now the path to building an expert-led business is to be known for something hyper specific that nobody else is like that the you become the de facto solution for that. And I think that that's was true for the people who always had like big big break outs like the Simon sineks of the world. But I think now with AI noise and like commoditization of services, it's like the only path. >> So why is there a resistance to that? >> Well, because I think that people want to believe that they can just, you know, be an expert. That being an expert and that be their expertise is what makes them stand out. Their quality of work is what makes them stand out. So it's like what I say is like, you know, it's you don't become an like you can't build a business on expertise because expertise isn't what matters. Like expertise doesn't matter anymore the way that we always but people would think I'm just going to get more credentials. I'm going to go back to school or I'm going to get like this like, you know, I'm going to have this proof point these great case studies and that's the thing. It's like, no. Like that's not enough. >> Yeah. But and we get kind of tied up in these thinking about things in the way that we've always thought about them. And so we have to kind of break that thought pattern for, you know, I can keep thinking about the parallel process and the growth for the founder or their development as a leader and a business owner and alongside the the >> process language by the way. It's like it's sticky. It's like it's got that alliteration that's nice. Makes it more spreadable. Like it it creates curiosity or like what does that mean? >> Yeah. And I think what you're what you were just saying was that like I know it. I know it inside and out. Knowing it better is not That's not the missing ingredient. Right? >> I think maybe and this is like this is the as I think three years now like I would we have a whole process running through this with our clients like on the off the jump, what I like about the parallel process from a visual perspective and like what I where I think the revelatory statement is is like they like most people think they probably think that the reason their business isn't growing is business related, right? It's like, you know, I don't have the right team. I'm struggling with pipeline. And they the revelatory way of framing that is like your business isn't your like isn't your bottleneck, you are, right? Like and that becomes like a bit of a a thing. That that's not the right language. It would have to sit down and like really think about the narrative, but it's like your business has probably grown in spite of you. That might be relative revelatory. Like, you've gotten to the success you've gotten to in spite of yourself. And people are going to what? Like, I wanted to take, you know, I want to take credit for where I've gotten to. Like, I've worked my ass off to get here. And it's like, no, you probably got lucky. You probably had some things that worked out because if you've not been growing in parallel with your business, then like, you know, you're not going to keep growing. So, like it's >> It's not going to outgrow you. It's doing what you designed it to do. >> Yeah. >> And and you can kind of I mean, I can feel the the the dissonance just thinking through that. >> Mhm. >> Yeah, I like that. >> And of course, like if we were to sit down and do this like in a formal like um engagement, there's all these elements to it, too, right? It's like figuring out the who because like to me, the one that I just shaped up like that would that works well if you're going after a pretty successful expert entrepreneur, right? So, if you're going after somebody who's built up like an eight-figure agency, and you come to them with the message of like your business is growing despite you, they're going to go what? Like, what do you mean? And like that could be that's one of those like, wait a minute, like and so, but if you're saying that to a, you know, entry-level freelancer, they're not that message isn't going to have that same like stickiness, right? So, it's about figuring out who you're going after and how to shape that message, too. >> Yeah, it's not near the slap in the face to someone who is probably goes through every day thinking, I don't know what I'm doing. Of course, I'm a problem. >> Mhm. >> Okay, so where is as far as the timeline with Unignorable and and having this like the brainware concept to market is my understanding is that it's not it's not final. >> Well, we're doing our next round of betas. Joe was part of the first cohort of betas I took on five clients. I mean, we work with them all one-on-one. There's no like group component. Um but it I wanted to do them as I wanted to do a cohort of clients using the process, kind of like improve the process. They made massive changes from the work we did together um since that time. All the clients are really happy with the outcomes and as with the clients like uh Chris Piper who was joined with us for that for that beta. Like he's now going to hit a million dollars a year like his first year as a consultant which is pretty impressive. Now, he's an amazing track record um but I actually use his his strategy when I'm presenting to when I was presenting to this next group of potential unignorable unignorable clients and two of them ended up hiring him. So, that's how good his messaging is now cuz I'm like talking through like and this is the problem that Chris solved and like and he's expensive. So, that worked out well. But so now I'm doing another cohort. We're doing four clients in April. I'll do another four in May and by then my hope is that I will have enough of the process codified and the methodology streamlined enough that I can determine how I want to do the next version of this whether it's launching and continuing to build it as an agency whether it's building a software component where there's an element of like you work with a strategist but there's some element of like via these like the software that we're building in the back end. So, I'm still figuring that out. I don't know exactly what it looks like come of June. >> But right now it's the the cohorts are month long and you have >> three month engagements. So, yeah, three month engagements. What I'm to do starting I'm doing a kind of like rolling enrollment. So, like four clients in April, four clients in May. We still got one spot left for May. And then uh and then from that I'm not going to take anybody I'm not going to commit to anybody for June because I want to use what I'm learning with these first ones to really streamline the process so that I can know how to scale it cuz there's basically two paths. It's like either uh we continue to do it in the version that looks that looks like now where I hire a bunch of great strategists and copywriters to like work with our clients ongoing or it looks more or I or I build a kind of like lower cost offer where there's more work happening with like an AI solution that the that the client can interface with directly and less completely done for you. So I'm not sure which path is going to be the one that I want to go after. It depends if I can get the output of the tools that we're building to a place where they don't need the like amazing strategies and copywriters to get amazing results. And if we can't, then we keep the humans in doing the work. >> Yeah. >> Probably a matter of time before you can right? >> so. Yeah. >> Yeah. So where can we go to get more information about that? >> Be UnignorableBoot.com is where you can sign up for the newsletter. When we're looking to get new clients, we'll do like email out saying people can apply and then we'll just kind of like find the ones that make them that are the best fit for the service and work with those folks. So there's not really a way that you can kind of go and apply right now. But if you're on the email list, then you'll get it, you know, be first to know when applications open again. >> You just need to follow them and pay attention. >> Yeah. >> Be ready. Kaylin, thank you very much. I I appreciate what you do. You're very insightful. You're a fantastic guest, a pleasure to >> Well, thank you, Nick. >> to collaborate with on this. Thanks for sharing and spending some time with us today. >> Thank you. >> Thank you so much for listening. If you found the show valuable, you can say thanks and show your support simply by taking a quick second to like, share, and comment on the show. You can also find more information about each of my guests, all of the resources from the show, and myself at nickbarry.info/tboj.