Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for coming. My name is Sid Sriram. I am the vice president of content here at Finn. We are super excited that all of you have come to and spent your afternoon with us. So, thank you. Thank you. I know it's a beautiful day out there in New York. So, much appreciated. And um we have a great session for you today. Um leading AI transformation exec briefing. Um this is designed to be very conversational, very interactive. We're going to kick it off with a presentation, but the bulk of the session is going to be me asking questions, you asking questions. We've got a couple of really knowledgeable and exciting guests. Um so, you know, bring bring the hard questions and we're looking forward to it. So, first I want to invite up our our vice president of product, Brian Donahue. He's also um has the award for the fastest talker at Finn. We have about 1,500 employees and he's come first 3 years in a row. So, give it up for Brian. >> [applause] >> Hey folks. Um So, when we had to do a a launch a couple weeks ago for operator and Owen and and Paul, our CPO, my boss like, "Brian, slow down. Slow down." And so, I went up and I was like, "Okay." And then afterwards it was like, "You slowed down too much. Don't slow down." So, therefore I need to speed up. All right, so we'll see. I'm I'm mature now, so I think I'll I'll speak at a normal pace. But um what am I going to talk What am I going to talk to you about? So, I'm going to talk for hopefully about 15 minutes. So, keep this pretty tight. And there's like a hundred topics I I could share on AI survival topics. Like, how are we surviving and hopefully thriving amidst all the [ __ ] that's going on. Um so, I want to start with this phrase that our co-founder Des um I don't I I think this was maybe the summer after GPT where he's like, "Look, AI will change almost everything we do in some way and some things we do in every way. And and so much of what we've been navigating and all of us are navigating is which one of the things that I'm thinking about today is this, rip it all up or not?" So, but first some background on just kind of our journey here. So, August 2022, this was when we were called Intercom. This was not a good time. So, this is not a good time for SaaS post-COVID. Remember that lovely ride up at the top? Everything's beautiful by the way. Black SaaS average, blue Intercom, we dove further than most. So, um that was not a fun time. And what was our reality back then? So, we sold to customer support teams, business was slowing. It looked like this new era of AI seemed like it's going to fully automate. How far is this going to go? You know, back then no one knew how far it would go, but if it was possible and we didn't build it, we're like, "We'll definitely die." And so, we knew we had to try to build an AI customer service product that would also kill our core business, right? So, this is this is doing that whole disruption thing because if anyone else does it, we'll die. So, we may as well kill it ourselves and therefore try to thrive from it. And we only got a couple months to try to work this out. So, um right around when Fin launched, which so we launched when GPT-4 launched. So, we were like the first really to build a large language model AI for customer service. They didn't even call it agents back then. We still we still called it a bot. And this was So, things were starting to turn around. We had hit the trough of it, but the trajectory of these two things is for us a pretty damn pretty picture, right? And this is what's happened since then. The the bits at the end are like where we're pointing towards but um really completely inverted where SaaS has gone and where our trajectory has gone. And so, like where we are right now. What So, just so you know the vantage point I'm I'm to you from from a company that's about 15 years old and we're so we're like north of 400 million revenue Finn meaningfully over 100 million and we expect by the end of the year Finn will be just over half of our business. So that will be like that inflection point. Um So what did we do to get there? It's feels like a pretty good story. Hopefully it looks like a pretty good story. So I want to share you know this is our survival tactics, right? Um what do we do? Well as we pretty much changed every god damn thing about our business, right? we changed our strategy, our mission, our culture, what we build, how we build it, our product momentum, our pricing and packaging which we were [ __ ] at for decades finally had gotten to a good place and then had to change that again. Our team, the roles we had, the titles, product differentiators, how we sell. This was a huge thing. How we compensate the people who sell, what our branding is. We launched competitive brands and then two weeks ago we actually changed the name of the company to Finn. A lot of people are like, why did you take so god damn long? Maybe maybe that's right. I'll kind of frame the post the post that way. So now it's like Finn is the company who sells Intercom helped us and Finn the AI agent. So that's our reality now. Like some detail there's like a hundred things I could talk about. We could just talk about pricing and packaging for hours and hours of all the changes there. But um and just a samples of things. Two X Dara our CTO wrote about this. This is like trying to get the engine this is particularly the last six months. I'll talk about this tomorrow. This is like how we completely shifted how engineering is working. We're still in the midst. We just came from meeting today. How do we do it again? What is the team? Is there a team? Is a person a team now? Where is this world now? Every week it feels like these major conversations. So there's this there's this is a terrible slide but I'm like R&D services this didn't exist. This is our version of four deployed engineers. And I remember when we kicked this experiment off two two and a bit years ago we're like maybe this will last six months. I don't know. It seems crazy to have R&D people like helping your customers be successful. R&D should be building, not helping your customers get to success. And now, two years later, every six months like, I think we should keep going. I think we should keep going. Now, it's like, this is the way we got to operate in this world. So, this is like whole new muscles. We were This was not our strength. So, that's like another example of it. And um it's like you go through all this all the things we've tried to change. It's like, is there an easier way? Surely there's an easier way. Maybe just we weren't very smart about the whole thing, right? And then like changed everything hoping some of it was right. But, I think what's really key here, and this like personally resonates with me almost like every week, is you have to go too far to know that you've actually gone far enough. Like I frequently have this debate in my head of should we didn't invest in Copilot? Should we took too much away from Help Desk too soon, too hard? We're like paying the price for that now. We're fixing that now. We shouldn't we shouldn't swung so far. You have to swing too far, otherwise you will not swing far enough. No one can gauge it correctly. You have to over swing to ensure you're going far enough cuz all of our instincts are not to swing far enough because we are humans. Um this is uh almost like a uh um obviously AI generate paper of like the inconvenient truth. But, I think it's um useful to just acknowledge like the the reality of the markets we're playing in. So, AI is going to make your product irrelevant. I think most of us feel that and know that and constantly changing it. New competitors coming from nowhere, right? I hope I probably all of you have felt this. And tiny competitors. And now the world is that you've got a big brand you're selling to and normally you got to establish some credibility to be in the room with it. Not any [ __ ] more. You can be a five-person startup and the big brand's like, oh, you're the cool kid on the block. Come on in. Cuz like, [ __ ] we worked so hard to get there and then someone's getting a seat at the table so fast. That is totally new and totally changed. Um and then this one down at the bottom here, cu- customers don't stay loyal. I don't know if you guys are feeling this, but this is like the world is today. We have a happy customer getting fantastic results and they're like, "Yeah, um, I just want to look around, see what's going on in the market. Things change fast. Why don't we do a few more head-to-heads?" It's like, "Holy shit." You feel like you've got six months of like loyalty. And this is genuinely happy customers doing this. So, like the the market has changed so dynamically and so dramatically fast. It's it's it's a crazy space to to be in. So, we've tried to frame we must be an AI company. Uh, and we believe a big part of that is organized chaos by design. that's like embracing the chaos. It must be chaotic if you're going to move at the speed required to move. And that's where we we focus on speed to market over everything else. That is what we were optimized for. Why does speed matter? It's cuz it gives you optionality. You can learn, test, and figure out then what's next. Being slow means you will likely be lost. So, that's what we've optimized for. It's not necessarily true. Being first-to-market does not always win, but we feel speed is the thing that gives you that optionality to actually learn and keep adapting. Because God knows you're going to have to keep adapting. So, um, again, we're like, "We are an AI company." And that transition to doing that has been brutal. It's been hard in multiple different places of the org. Uh, and so I just important to acknowledge that human component of it. You know, technology has changed so fast and humans do not change fast. And and navigating the speed of where the technology is, where it might be next month, and then where the market is is incredibly hard as well. Cuz you don't want to be too far ahead of the market, but you want to be just far enough ahead where they're actually ready to adopt that. That is so freaking hard to get that right, right? Just at that right. Get that timing right. Super hard. Okay, so we another thing um that we believe is culture comes from the top. I'll actually touch on this if anyone's around tomorrow when we talk about 2x. Uh a lot of that a lot of this has to be top-down for it to be effective and fast. A bottoms-up route here in our experience it is not the route to success. But what I want to um touch on here uh coming from the space I come from building product is a lot of the ways about how you build software has changed. So, this is one of like the 10 things that we've kind of had to rip up. So, I'll share thoughts, reflections, lessons learned on this one. So, back in the SaaS era, you know, the iceberg this is a a geometrically incorrect iceberg, right? Of course it would topple over there, but the point is like most of the stuff was visible. So much of the work you did was the visible UI trying to make this what is it and how does it work and how do I use it? That was a huge part of what you did and the crud underneath it took time to do, but like genuinely I didn't know I didn't and never cared how the freaking database was working any of that. I'm like, don't need to know any of it. What does the product do? Does it solve the problem? Can our customers interact with it? That was all my focus on the top. The world has changed dramatically. Everyone needs to know what's going on at the bottom of building the AI that actually does the job well. The UI to control the AI is is secondary. That's not the big thing. The big thing is does it [ __ ] work? Does it solve the job? And that is incredibly hard to do and way more everyone needs to be way more technically fluent. So, like the it's it's inverted. It's a world for builders where if you're the more technical, you know, the sweet spot is if you're that deeply technical person who has great product sense. That is the uh best builder in the space. But so much of what this has flipped on its head from before this is like a mark architecture diagram. We're basically trying to say, how do we explain to people there's all this invisible complexity that you do not know in building these systems. And this was our attempt to do it. There's so much complexity that's needed in that under the iceberg there. And this is so for our system like hundreds of AB tests of learning. Where did it not work? Fix it. Where did it not work? Fix it. Because generative is necessarily unpredictable and you have to tease your way through all of that. It's a totally different way of building. And just as a reminder of like it's just useful to remember the best freaking product company in the world of the last three decades failed miserably publicly at this. Trying to say we are shipping this and they can't ship the thing. And has anyone ever heard of a company who has to pay a lawsuit cuz they didn't ship the thing on time cuz marketing over promised. This is the world. It's hard for Apple to do this. We all know this, but it's useful just as an example of how much that iceberg has inverted here. Okay, so more examples of kind of what we've done. These are our our product principles. Actually design principles, product principles, engineering principles. We like for a decade we sweated over these. I like the [ __ ] commas we sweated over thinking about this there at like not so much thought and effort. We evangelize these. We brought everyone to offsites. Here's how you build product. We know how to build product. This is what you do. When things didn't go right we're like they don't understand the principles. They're not building to our principles. So we had a decade of strong conviction of here's how you build good product. And we're like throw the [ __ ] out the window. We do not know what the principles anymore are of how you build good product. So throw it out. And we tell teams some of that holds still. Surely you still need to know the problem. Maybe somewhat. You know, maybe all of it like we're not sure actually. So you go figure it out. Optimize for speed. You figure it out team by team. We abandoned all of the stuff that we held so dear to our heart. And it was painful. And a lot of people knew this. They're like I I I know how we do things. We're like not anymore. Throw it out the window. And and we disempowered people. We had top-down road maps. We completely inverted team structures. Everything that people building products are like this is what I do, this is how I operate, these are the people around me. We're like, these things don't hold up anymore. We don't know what teams should even own in this process. The concept of a team has mostly gone away, although we're kind of rebuilding it. We're not sure, but um so much change around all of that. So, anyway, that's another 2 hours there that I'll put to the side. Here's another thing I want to share um is that's a big change is like accepting that what you build will have a short shelf life. And this is totally new cuz everything you build and the whole point of SaaS was it had a long [ __ ] a shelf life so you could actually make money from it, right? Uh but this is no longer the case. So, I want to talk to you about I think this was like early March. So, this is procedures. I know you can't really see this, but basically this is how you um train fan to handle complex queries like issue a refund. So, this is what the UI looks like. And why I'm showing you this GIF is like there was a lot of freaking work we put in to get this right. The this is you know, this is uh automating the risky parts. There's money involved. You don't want to get this wrong. Um and it's natural language, but uh people writing this aren't engineers. They don't understand how to actually uh break this apart. You still need to be an engineer to do this. Can we actually give this to non-engineers to actually do this? And we went through huge amount of effort to kind of get that mix right. Where is it deterministic, but overall it's generatively like this was a ton of [ __ ] work. I know it looks straightforward. A ton of [ __ ] work. You got to anchor it to the whole AI architecture behind it. So, we're on launch day. I'm in London office. I am listening to this going we're so excited about this product. And my thought is like we just announced legacy software. My [ __ ] god. On the launch day of the damn thing. This is genuinely going through my head. Is this legacy software? Why did I say that? Because what we were working on in the meantime was this thing operator. This is what I was at 3 weeks ago where we launched this. So, what is operator? Uh operator is basically an agent for your customer operations team. So, Finn is for your customers. Operator is an agent sits inside our app for your customer operations team. And what you see it doing here is going and say, "Hey, I want to handle questions about order tracking." And operator writes the down procedure for you. And then you talk to operator, "Hey, it's not working." Operator will change that for you, right? All of a sudden, all the UI we've sweated, it's like well, maybe it doesn't matter so much cuz they'll do most of the things through operator anyway. This is like [ __ ] 6 weeks later that uh maybe 2 months later from a big piece of software that we invested heavily in of like, "God, did we over swing?" The like the software's not irrelevant, but all of the effort we put in, maybe we we way over-engineered it if suddenly operator's going to be doing most of that now. This is the world we live in. 2 months later, you're rethinking uh your decisions from a big launch there. So, um and then here's like the state of a product. I'm I'm writing a blog post, so hopefully get out next week trying to articulate the state of how much has changed in building product, right? So, what does operator represent? Is like this whole new way, it's not just UX, but right? Hey, if you wanted to make the negative cells in your spreadsheet red, what do you need to know? You need to know that's conditional formatting, click through, blah blah blah, click through these clicks. You need to know how to do it and do it. And then, what's the new world is like make the negative cells red. I don't give a [ __ ] about how I do it, just [ __ ] do it, right? Get this thing done. Um so, if you you look at what's here, the world we used to live in is like everyone knew what they wanted to do. Actu- Well, that's a stretch. I will People Some people knew what they wanted to do. A way smaller amount of them actually knew how to do it. And suddenly now that yellow has turned black and it's one-to-one. If you know what you want to do, you know how to do it cuz you got something like operator or the equivalent that's going in. That's a dramatic shift. All of us have sweated over UX and GUIs and all of this and which are freaking hard to make good and suddenly that starts to wash away, right? And but it's not even just about what's faster. It's not that you're doing building software that can do the same thing as before but in a different way. Hey, you make those sales red. It's It's not just better UI, it's like a strategic thought partner. So, what does this look like? So, here are examples of like operator where if um someone is a content manager and they've got a product team say, "Hey, we shipped this stuff." Normally it'd be hours and hours to go through it and what do you do now? You say, "Here's the PDF. Tell me where all the content we've got in our thing has changed. And by the way, tell me exactly what I need to change and then I'll make sure you're okay." The work is being done. Who's doing the work has shifted. You kind We all know this, it's happening, but when it's happening in your local space, it's still like you need to rediscover that reality of what automation looks like. Or in this case, uh doing the work for you, understanding the data analysis. All of you are using tools to do this now. Shifting where the work is actually being done. So, that's like the and we literally just this week trying to say, "How do we build new features? Do we build them operator first? What UI has? Should you have any UI? Does any UI exist anymore? Can it all be operator?" These are like the level of questions. And then wait a second, what if all of this moves into co-work? Isn't co-work the future of where work's going to happen? Maybe not today, maybe 3 months, 6 months, a year? I don't know. 18 months feels too far out. So, a lot of what we're building in operator we can move, it's portable, it's not a one-way door, but you kind of have these things. If investing in something, feedback on this feature has been off the charts good. And again, I'm like is this legacy almost? Maybe I think I have a few months before it's legacy software, but you have these macro questions. And then we've got, hey, we've built operator. Why wouldn't our customers build this? A lot of other customers are building their versions of this. What does does mean for Finn? Holy [ __ ] we've got like a whole new competitor in the build versus buy thing that changes the dynamics here. It's like so X I feel like there are existential questions and threats every [ __ ] week. Every week comes up another new threat of like yeah, that could rip everything apart or maybe that won't materialize at all. You know, like this level is what we're operating in. So I just want to kind of articulate that and then I'll wrap up here with a couple thoughts. So this is what Des tweeted at the start of the year Des our co-founder. There are no moats anymore. Yesterday's moats are today's prompts, right? To some extent that's true. And there's there's gaps, head starts, leaders, laggards and then there is speed. So again, this is what we come back to. There is speed. Don't rest on your laurels. Like we this is a great phrase. Fast gets good before good gets fast. If you are fast, you can keep moving and get to that good place. If you aim to be good from the outset, you're going to be too slow. So that's what we've anchored fundamentally. That applies to the building product, pricing and packaging, how you organize your sales team, how you enable your sales team, how you comp your sales team, how [ __ ] marketing does marketing. All this stuff here is like optimized for fast gets good before good gets fast. Okay, so I'll wrap there. That's it. So thanks for listening. All right. Got to get him in an auction or a rodeo or something. Um just a show of hands, we're going to just bring up some furniture. Just a show of hands, how many people were familiar with Finn or Intercom, our previous name before tonight? Okay, everybody. So some familiarity. How many people are customers? Wow, a lot of customers. That's great. Maybe about 50/50. Awesome. And I'm going to guess how many people how many people are in the finance industry. Wow, not not a ton. Software? Most people. Okay, super interesting. Thank you. All right, let's do it. Um I'm going to invite Brian back on stage and I'm also going to invite our special guest Kyle Poyar. Kyle is a former operating partner at OpenView and also the CEO, owner, founder of Growth Unhinged, which is a very popular blog media site on um go-to-market strategy. Um all right. >> [snorts] >> Kyle, I will start with you. What did you think of Brian's presentation? What What are the lessons of these last four years of fence transformation resonated with you and where are you skeptical? >> Well, I have to say I caught maybe about half of what you said. >> [laughter] >> You were not lying about talking fast. Uh and I think that shows the speed at which you need to move in the AI H to to connect it all together. Uh so, I think to me uh some of the things that resonated in so many companies, so I was in VC for 9 years before I started on my own. And before a lot of decisions, you really wanted to do all of the analysis, really sweat the details, and get it right. I mean, pricing changes would often take 3 to 6 months. Uh you were not launching that many tier one products every year, right? So, you really sweated the details to get everything perfect. That doesn't really work very well anymore. Uh and I think that this idea of like you work so hard on a feature and then couple months later, you needed to totally rethink the approach. I think nowadays it's look it's thinking that a lot more decisions are two-way doors rather than one-way doors and what matters is speed and iteration rather than waiting for perfection. And then having to really constantly look ahead at where the market is going and some some of the capabilities aren't going to be perfect right now, but as models improve, as you can, you know, build up a better product, you can get ahead of where the market is going. And I think that market work gets a lot more important right now. >> Very cool. Um Brian, you were you were here for the entire transformation. Um what was the hardest part? >> The hardest part? >> Well, all of it looked hard, but what was what was what was the part that um you're like, "Holy [ __ ] I don't know if we're going to make it." >> Um I feel like the the existential questions can be paralyzing. Um and you you can keep going through and like, "Hey, what if the frontier model houses, where is going?" Like and a lot of it's playing out, right? Like that they've uh shipped products specifically for verticals. So, they're going up the stack to verticals. So, like all the places, the space you're playing in there, it feels so tentative. So, I think I feel like the hardest part is like almost not being paralyzed by the the scale of the existential questions that are around you and and being bold >> Sure. >> and and being bold and unparalyzed, whatever the unparalyzed. Acting and not uh succumbing to being paralyzed in the face of those questions. I'm not sure if I believe that, but I'll go that for question. Thought one. I'll come back at the end of I've got another hardest part. But yeah, that to me was never we never had that frequency level and severity of them. And the other thing I'd add is like all of these like how will things play out, there's like that seems pretty good chance. That seems like a pretty good chance. That seems like a pretty good chance. You know, maybe the AGI thing which now feels even more likely with was like the we don't we almost framed it Declan's era uh our uh head of um customer service and we're like almost like, "When does it get to where it's like Declan in a box? Oh [ __ ] what what does that mean?" And that still feels like possible in there. So, I think that trying to navigate amidst so much like existential in terms of a business existential setups is hard and to do it with conviction and speed and then also not so much conviction that you don't change fast. Right? >> Yeah, you have to be a lot more decisive I imagine in this in this new world. Um Kyle, coming back to you, uh what parts did Brian leave out of the journey if folks are taking a similar journey themselves or what parts would you change in his um presentation? >> Well, the biggest part you kind of left out was 1,500 employees, right? That is a really big team that is that has developed all this domain expertise around SaaS and they've kind of built their career around whether it's selling SaaS, marketing SaaS, building SaaS products. How did you do the enablement internally or the change management with the team? >> And there's multiple parts of that to like sales team, product team, marketing. So I think we were too slow with the sales team. Uh to the point of like uh you know, sales folks will sell what they know how to sell what they're confident selling and uh they're not going to want to sell the newer even if it's a shinier thing if they're like, "Ah, I'm not sure how to handle this uh question here or how to handle that part or there's just I'll sell the stuff that I know how to sell and people want this." So I think we were too late to um force more of a change, force or like incentivize the right changes. We were too slow to figure out the structural the structures that required there for sales. So we we were too late to the game in that one. Uh I think we've sufficiently adjusted there. Um so I think that was uh a big one. And and the other thing is like trying to uh you know, 1,400 is sounds massive but trying to carve out small areas where teams are sufficiently autonomous but again, there's a lot of top-down there's a top-down like these are the things that matter but then creating boundaries where small teams can actually operate fast. And sometimes even we actually tried Owen our CEO at one point was almost we're going to we need to create a startup within that there's no way this can work because everyone just too big a company will just be a big company will fail by normal big company standards if if we're big by there. And so we're almost going to buy get a new office for the Finn team to focus on to try to give that like you've got to be operating in the startup mentality. We didn't end up doing that, but we kind of brought sales and marketing folks and tried to create almost a mini company that's a little dramatic, but something close to that to try to like approximate that that startup vibe that you have when you're small and scrappy and everyone's in it together rather than when you're in bigger orgs and all the stuff that goes there. So those are the two that come to mind. >> Oh, the other thing I was curious about so I think for a lot of companies they have a core software product and the AI features they're building on top are meant to make the existing software better. And so with Finn and Intercom you could say hey we're building Finn on top of Intercom as a sort of system of record or we're building Finn to support any sort of system of record whether it's Salesforce, Zendesk, other products. When did you realize you would want to go maybe multi-platform and be in sort of be AI first and agnostic about whether people are on SAS or not? >> I think this is one in which I actually distinctly remember Owen kind of regretting he's like damn I should have just made the dictate and said like we're we called it like offering standalone so you don't have to use our help desk to use that. It's probably one of our biggest strategic decisions year and a half ago and I know he's like we had been talking about it and eventually he's just like oh [ __ ] we definitely need to do this. We're doing this today. Okay, like let's get a plan to I mean it was Owen creating a spreadsheet plan. I was like oh my god our CEO is planning this. This is but he is like we're going to just going to do this. So that was him feeling the the his own lack of what he thought he was too slow to make the decision and make it and make this thing happen. So I think we felt we again like we've moved really fast and we look back like damn we didn't do that soon enough. We didn't do that you know sales didn't do fast. We didn't do that soon enough. We didn't rename the company soon enough. The but that decision was critical and and it also meant we didn't invest in like the overlap which we're kind of able to get to now which is exciting between the help desk and thing cuz we didn't we wanted the standalone product to unlock that part of the market and basically be able to win with AI and not force us to win with the help desk. So that was I'm trying like the I don't know it feels like obvious in retrospect right? But I think that was one of the biggest strategic decisions and I mean I could go on for a while on that one but you know that's the place in the market where we're most differentiated as having both. No one has the best in class you know the small number of people who are like best in class AI agent. No one [clears throat] else has a excellent help desk as well. But so this is why this is why this stuff is hard is trying to figure out the differentiators the durable differentiators the and all those parts. So I think one of the top three big biggest strategic decisions that we wish we had made sooner and invest and that's another part of like wait what about go to market like the whole go to market for that. It was a whole thing that we were again we did that but we were too slow on the go to market side get the incentives right there. So that that's like the the how you structure things matters right? No one wants to like it feels like one of the jeez I'm worried I'll go off on tangents too long. One of the great things the last few years for my side is like focus on the work work work work work work. What are you shipping? What is your product? Don't worry about the work around the work is like way gone down in priority. You just all of that suffers. Everyone's motivated if they're working on the [ __ ] that matters and you're and you're shipping that. But, parts of that structure, like incentives, like how is the sales team organized, will kill you if you don't get them right. If you don't get the sales team uh incentivized by the standalone thing. So, it's like figure out which parts of like I'll call that the work around the work. That's not the selling, that's the structure to try to incentivize the right selling. If you don't get that right, the some core parts of that that can really bite you in the ass. >> Right, Drew. Uh pivoting a little to go to market, Kyle, you're you're a go-to-market expert. You've written a lot. Uh I'd love to just have an open-ended, what are you working on? Like, what are some of the big topics that maybe another way What are some of your most read posts right now? Like, what is everybody leaning into? What are you talking about? >> Yeah, so uh if you folks don't know, I write a newsletter called Growth Unhinged. I've been writing it for 5 years. I interview a lot of the best uh companies around what they're doing around go to market. I survey my readers, and then I also do first-party work with companies to see see folks firsthand. This year, it's been all about a couple of things. One is AI search, and so I think last year people realized AI search, like getting cited on ChatGPT, on Claude, on Gemini, people realized that was becoming a bigger channel, and I think the focus was visibility. Now, people are looking at it much sort of deeper than that, because it's not just about being visible in AI search engines, it's getting AI search engines to say the right thing, because these are extremely influential in the buying decision, and a lot of the buying behavior is happening without someone ever visiting your site. And so, do LLMs understand your pricing and how it works? Uh do they understand Do they know who your best customers are? Do they know why to choose your product over competitors? Do they have up-to-date feature information? Because if you're shipping at Finn's velocity, it it's very possible that the LLMs are not uh up to speed about what you have and what you don't have. So, thinking about actually the AI visibility not just as a like next-gen SEO, but as maybe the most important product marketing KPI in the company, as one of your best sales reps as a company, and increasingly important actually around buying behavior as there's potential for a genetic commerce in the future, although that's early. So, that's probably number one. And then number two is signal-based go-to-market. And so, what's happened is the signals on who your best customers are and who's ready to buy, like there's much more interesting data than there's been before. But, some of the things that we used to rely on, like, "Hey, this company raised a Series A. That means they have budget. We should reach out to them." Those are commoditized signals, right? So, on the one hand, everyone has access to signals, and so they're commoditized, they're harder to actually get alpha on. But, on the flip side, we can use AI agents to get much more granular and first party and get information that our competitors don't have that's really relevant around our product, what's what makes us unique. And so, I've seen a lot more effort around finding those signal signals where there's still alpha in go-to-market and bringing those technical skills into go-to-market. >> What are some examples of those signals? >> So, some examples, you can really scrape hiring data from job posts in a way that's, you know, much better than you used to be able to to actually identify what are some of the initiatives at the company and then who are the people in that company that own the initiative. Because it's if it's Morgan Stanley you're selling to, great, there's like tens of thousands of employees. It's really hard to figure out who's the right person. So, getting a lot clearer around the the target customer. But, you can be anything. I mean, I was working with a safety company that uses OSHA violations as a signal. But, then when you pair the goal is often to pair third-party data and first-party data. And so, for example, if you have a prospect that was closed lost, and maybe that that it was a no decision, and then you see there's an OSHA violation. Well, that's an account you should probably re-engage, right? And And so it's the first-party data of you knowing you have a relationship, you knowing you talked to them about the deal, and the third-party signal, and marrying that together is really interesting. >> Sure, that makes sense. I want to talk a little bit about Brian ended on speed and speed being so critical to this journey. Um there's been a lot of uh a lot of progress in the R&D department around speed, and now the rest of the the rest of the organization is catching up, right? Claude code hit R&D first, and now suddenly every other department's a bottleneck. Um what is What are marketing teams, what are sales teams, what are go-to-market organizations doing to catch up to that speed, to move as fast, to get the work around the work, you know, right in time so that they're actually not holding the company back? >> You know, honestly, not enough is the >> Thanks, Kyle. >> Uh I mean, it used to be like you had only so many like tier one and tier two launches a year. Now, there's like a tier one launch every week. Your customers have no idea what your product does, and the product they thought they bought is not the product that you're selling now. So, you're constantly behind on that customer enablement piece. But then also on the channel side, you know, it used to be like, "Hey, we can build more programmatic pages for SEO." All right, well, that's actually not working. We can create more social posts. Well, generic social posts are not performing, right? Like a lot of the things that are volume-based where, "Hey, let's just increase the velocity." Those don't work as well in go-to-market because everyone is doing it. And so, what I'm finding right now, um there's a ton of appetite to adopt tools like Claude code and co-work. So, marketing teams and go-to-market teams in general are getting are embracing AI tools. Uh I think that the the next step is actually getting the go-to-market systems in place. So, getting a shared contacts files, shared ICP, shared brand voice, like getting some of that shared language to enable the whole team. So, everyone's not operating individually or has their own data, own, you know, uh set of contacts. So, I think that a lot of folks are kind of looking to how do we have that shared memory and context layer for the company? Uh and then I think otherwise, just a lot of go-to-market teams used to be like, "Hey, here's our goal for the year. Here's our goal for the quarter. Uh marketing has a certain roadmap to support the sales number." And I think realistically, folks are needing to move to weekly or bi-weekly sprints to say, "It doesn't really matter what our marketing goals were for the year. We actually have to make really fast progress and adjust our priorities." And without having that weekly cadence, we're just not going to be able to prioritize what matters right now. >> Sure. Well, that makes sense. And that's a lot of what's going on inside of Fin right now. Um there's a tier one launch every week. We are thinking week by week, two weeks by two weeks. It is organized chaos as um as uh as Brian called it, but it's exciting chaos. And uh uh and and a pace of working that um I've not I've never experienced um in my entire career, which is super fun and new. I want to talk about a topic that's near and dear to my heart, which is differentiation. One of the things I do at Fin is help the company figure out how we talk about ourselves and how we present ourselves on the website, in sales conversations, um you know, in on the blog. Um I I think at any point in tech's history, people would have said, "Well, we don't differentiate on features." But, it's more true now than ever, right? Like, people are sitting on top of the same models. People you can uh point cloud code to copy a competitor's feature very, very fast. Um how do people differentiate in this new world? This is an open question to both of you. How How How does Fin differentiate? How do all of these people differentiate? Like, how do we How How do we stay ahead of the competition? >> Yeah, I mean, this is I'm very curious about your answer, but I'd say in the broader market we used to say we're not competing on features, but realistically a lot of the battle cards would be like, we do XYZ, create a lot of fun about why the customer needs this thing, and why you're the only one that can offer it. There's a really concrete for the sales team to sell. And now it has to be much more about the experience, but really realistically it's like teaching your customer how to buy. So, there used to be a concept of, "Hey, if we can write the RFP for our customer, and if we see them using that RFP back to us, that's a signal that we've really influenced their buying criteria." And I think that companies are needing to do that to teach them how to buy AI products. And so, how do you evaluate vendors? What are the criteria you use? Like, if you you want to train your customers how to how to evaluate quality, and how to evaluate in a way that makes your product look best. And then if you can see that get sort of getting adoption in the market, that means you've really had a strong influence over the buyer. >> Sure. >> I mean, it's easy to differentiate, right? It's a This is a hard This has been a hard question for a while. I think the It's even It's even worse with like, you know, if it's really January since the engineering explosion from Claude, the speed is December, January. And so, what that means is if you differentiate on a feature, if you're innovating, if you actually are first in market, that means you're doing most of the hard work of figuring out how to make how to shape this. And then everyone can quickly follow or just iterate based on that. So the It's It's almost you're giving an advantage You're doing the R&D for your competitors. And And competitors, you know, this goes all the way around. So, it It's even worse in a way of the challenge of differentiation at a feature level which is which was the reality for for for years where you could hold it up. So I think there's two answers. One is brands feels relevant um uh although I even think about it it's like think of the speed of think of how fast the narrative is for Anthropic and OpenAI. Like uh 6 months ago I think even everyone like clearly OpenAI is clearly the behemoth in the space and then there's uh Anthropic in in a kind of distant second place from just like oh yeah OpenAI is going to be massive and now feels like that's changed. And then maybe the dynamic coming back Codex is coming back it's like oh my god the speed of even that brand. So maybe even brand is like uh um acquiesces to the speed of change. Where we've like where for us when we have assessed where is there space for durable differentiation is going down the stack. Uh the invisible work because it's it's hard to uh train models we're trying to pre-train the stuff we shipped as post-train stuff. That's deep hard work that a pretty small number of people can actually do. And we've tested like how much can you get Claude to do the stuff and this is hard to do and you need the data sets to do it and all that stuff there. So that's one meaningful space of when you go down the stack of it's uh harder product to follow. And actually we're just starting to uncover unexpected benefits of when you've trained the model. So like just to give one specific example that was unexpected was we can now we're looking at putting like a a confidence dialer for Finn. Why can we do this? Because we have Apex which is we trained our own model. Why does that matter? Because we have a bell curve of confidence. So instead of using an LLM as a judge which ends up being more binary we actually have this bell curve of confidence that enables you to not just be like yes or no but you can even be percentages on it. I was like holy [ __ ] we never thought that would come. And then as we apply April we'll announce something hopefully this week of like another holy [ __ ] that was unexpected benefit as well there. So, we've had unexpected benefits from going at the stack, but then the these are all big bets, you know, we'll we'll see how this plays out, but that that is harder to do and you can't just say, "Hey, go copy that." Right? There's a much deeper technical work, uh which right now it's holding up and being valuable to our customers uh and and hopefully that bet pays off. So, that's like our biggest bet for durable differentiation. That's like got to be >> I'm going to put air quotes for that. >> One one of the ways that Fin has tried to differentiate and successfully, I would think, differentiated was on the pricing strategy. Um we were one of the first people to release outcome-based pricing for the customers in this room who are familiar with paying for outcomes rather than tokens or some kind of consumption metric. Kyle, I know you're a big uh pricing expert. Um outcome-based pricing, maybe you could talk a little bit about that, but um that innovation almost, you know, to Brian's point, innovations get killed so fast, everybody seems to be now on the outcome-based pricing bandwagon. Is that the case or does it just feel like that? And what do you see coming next? >> Uh it's actually really hard to change your pricing model. I mean, companies, if I look at how many companies changed from seat to consumption-based pricing successfully, it's it's few. And then to go all the way to outcome-based pricing, you're really looking at like the number is on one hand, maybe. Uh it's very hard to do, and I think the reason is companies look at the before and after of their data and you say, "All right, how many seat licenses did we sell? How much consumption is there? Oh, well, actually, like half these licenses are not being used." And then we have some licenses where the consumption is crazy high. And so, at the customers before and after, there's like no consistency in how much a customer would pay in the old model and the new model, and it's just such a nightmare if you have any sort of install base. And so, it's really hard to change pricing models. Companies can really only do it when they're launching a new product or going after a new market opportunity. And then even then, it's kind of like the shift from on-prem like license maintenance models to subscription SaaS in the first place. And so when we thought about that model, like that's when customer success became a thing, right? We had to earn the renewal for our customers. We had to launch more features also to earn the renewal versus just packaging everything together and selling as another SKU in five years. So the the expectations on vendors got a lot higher when you went from on-prem to subscription SaaS and seat based. And now when we think about outcome based pricing, R&D becomes a revenue generating expense because everything that your team does to improve outcomes for the customer, you're making the customer is happier and you're making revenue for the for the company. But if you fail on delivering that promise, you also are sacrificing a lot of revenue. So we think it's just a really hard change to to go through. But when you look at the alternatives, like for most companies, they have not gone outcome based and they went AI credit or token based. And I think that was a lot easier for people to launch. It's kind of a pass-through of their underlying infrastructure costs. And I think of it as like they didn't really do the hard work of figuring out pricing. They also didn't want to take on the risk. Saying we're going to do tokens is like passing on the risk to your customer. It's a we're going to make a margin on this regardless. You go figure out how you want to use it and how you want to manage [clears throat] costs. Outcome based pricing means you're really only getting paid if the customer is successful. And if the customer consumes a lot of tokens for every success, like you're on the hook for that. And I just think that is strategically where companies are now going to realize they want to go as the token maxing era is coming to a close and sort of the ROI maxing era is starting to really need to become a thing. But it's going to be very hard for companies to transition.