Welcome to Pam Dner's session, the GTM reset. Building a marketing plan that works with practical AI prompts. I'm Amy Gabriel, demand generation manager at Zoom Info, and today we'll be talking about how to define your customers um align product with revenue goals and build um a plan your team can execute. We appreciate you joining us today. We'll kick things off shortly, but first I need to cover a few housekeeping items. If you're experiencing any issues with viewing, please let us know by utilizing the Q&A chat on your screen. Since this is a web-based platform, typically refreshing your browser does the trick. There is a Q&A session over to the right side of your screen as well. Submit your questions as they come up. We have a lot of material to cover today and we will answer these as time permits. The session is being recorded. you you will receive an email with the link to the recording within 48 hours after we conclude today. So, keep an eye on your inbox. Um, as we share AI prompts today, please remember that public AI tools may retain your data. Avoid entering confidential company information, customer data, or proprietary details into public platforms. Always follow your organization's AI usage policies and consult with IT or legal if you're unsure. The examples we share um are for educational purposes, so please adopt them responsibly. The last housekeeping item is our safe harbor statement. Zoom Info is a publicly traded company. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Any buying decisions you make should be based made based only upon currently available products and offerings. So, now that I've covered the housekeeping items, I am so thrilled to be joined by Pam Dner, five-time author, AI keynote speaker, and B2B marketing ROI consultant, who has helped growing technology companies and SAS platforms increase revenue by anywhere from 5 to 25% through measurement systems that directly connect marketing spend to close deals. Pam specializes in equipping leaders um to unify sales, marketing, and AI for measurable growth, delivering practical, executionready strategies through consulting and our humanled co-pilot workshops. She works with B2B companies globally, helping them prove marketing ROI and drive real business outcomes. I also want to mention that Pam is one of the featured experts in Zoom Info's latest 2026 GTM predictions report where she discusses how AI fundamentally reshape is reshaping the buyer first touch point with brands. It's a great read if you haven't seen it yet and her perspective really underscores the transformational moment we're in right now. A link to the report can be found in the resources section to the right of the screen. Additionally, you'll find Pam's GTM workbook which includes AI prompts you can customize and use. So without further ado, welcome Pam. We're so happy to have you here today. >> Oh my god, I just shared my script with everybody what I want to say. Amy, thank you so much for that intro. Completely completely overrated. Anyway, happy Thursday everyone. Thank you so much for joining this webinar hosted by Zoom Info and Amy. Like I said, I really appreciate that uh that intro. Okay, just forget everything what Amy just said. Anyway, so Becca and Amy from Zoom Info and I chatted last year. We were like thinking about, hey, we want to create the webinar to help people actually do GTM better. I was like, challenge accepted. I can do this. I'm a Barney. I'm Barney Simpson. If you don't know, Barney is actually from How I Met Your Mother. I love that sitcom. Do you love that sitcom? It's so good. Anyway, so let's just be very honest upfront. Okay, first of all, nothing I said is earthshattering. Nothing. Many of you, I actually know some of you, Greg, Mark, I know some of you, you are all very seasoned and experienced and you probably have done GTM more than I did. So, but what I want to do today is I want you to think about GTM a little bit differently. I don't really have any shiny ideas I can share with you. None. None. The only thing I want to do is I want you to think a little bit differently about how you approach GTM. And most of my ideas come from the perspective of being GTM as a enterprise marketer. So I was in the corporate for 20ome years. I'm not a typical uh uh a corporate consultant or individual consultant. I was actually in enterprise or company for 20ome years. So when I did GTM, I was literally in the trenches and doing product launches and I want to share some of my thoughts with you in terms of the mistakes I made and also working with some of my client and doing GTM in the past 10 11 years. So and I would like you honestly to stay with me and I would like you to think with me. Whatever I said I would like you to think about it and I always encourage everybody who attend my session to disagree with me. If you actually are disagreeing with me that means you are thinking okay if you are like nah I disagree with Pam all right now and or I said or said like oh yeah I can apply this portion of it that's great but if you disagree with me then think about it how are you going to make that different to apply to your job all right so and also if I bore you I totally understand I probably will if that's the case, feel free to multitask. Your time is indeed precious. With that being said, there are three things I want to talk about today. Three. Number one is the definition of GTM, the types of GTM, and also the key elements from my perspective that you need to include as a part of GTM. And then I will touch on AI's role in some of the key elements I would like to share with you. That is it. Okay. Like I said, just focus on the things I talk about and think about it. What I usually do is to help marketers think and that's your job. And we should not ever delegate that critical thinking to AI. And for GTM based on my experience working on GTM internally within the within organization I have come to realize the definition of GTM does matter because how you define GTM is going to guide your behavior and how you lead your whole team. And this is very important even though there's a subtle difference in terms of definition it will change your behavior. And let me share some of definitions with you. Number one, you can define GTM as an intentional and well wellcrafted plan to introduce product to the market with a better chance of success. That means hey you know what this is great product I am going to create GTM plan so there's a better chance of selling this product. you bend the odds to your favor, right? The other one is like, okay, you know what? I'm going to create GTM to convince my customers to buy my product so they will be more efficient and more effective. And I will tell this I will tell you the subtle differences among the definitions. Okay, that's like I want to convince them. There's another definition that you can you will run into especially on the internet is a comprehensive sales and marketing launch that define ideal customers with a unique competitive product positioning that align with your product, your teams, your sales, your marketing. Okay, that's a slightly different definition. Why? Why does it matter to choose the right definition in your mind internally? And also which one would you choose? If we are doing like in person interactive workshop, I would give everybody time to think and then we will have a conversation. Unfortunately, I only have 60 minutes with all of you. So, I want you to think about it silently in your mind. You don't have to share that with me, but just think about it. Okay? And why does this matter? I spilled matter wrong. Okay? Very good, Pam. Smart. I did this actually last minute like literally three minutes before I uh I decided to uh go live. So, is it matter? Why does it matter? Let me tell you the differences in the definition how that will guide your behavior. Okay, the first definition it's more sales focused. This is like the better chance to success, right? So you are going to more focus on I'm going to educating the sales team. We're going to sell this product. The second one is more content focused. I want to convince you to buy. I'm going to give you information to show you why you should buy our product. That's more customer success and a more content focus. The last one is more internal team focus. I want to make sure all the teams are aligned so we can do GTM successfully. Whatever definition you choose will subtly guide how you put your plan together. Trust me, I know. So, for today's talk, I really want to focus on the last one. My GTM plan more or less is a a templates to share with you how you can align, integrate and work with internal teams and any kind of GTM success is heavily hinged on how good your product is, how strong your sales and marketing teams are. Nobody will talk about this. Every LinkedIn post that you have seen on GTM is always talking about tools. How can we use tools better? I'm telling you the GTM success has a lot to do with your product. Your product needs to be solid. You as a marketer needs to be convinced. You know what? Our product is good. If you are not convinced your product is good, I'm telling you GTM is only putting the lipsticks on a pig. Okay? The product needs to be solid and you have a strong sales team marketing. You know why we are all good? We are all very strong. The other thing I want to share with you is a type of GTM. What kind of GTM are you doing? Are you doing new market, new product? Are you doing existing products you just kind of have enhanced features or you are using existing product you are just testing it or is it new services is always much harder for GTM right and uh so you have to kind of think through the type of GTM that you are doing everyone does that make sense because the if this new products and new market yes that's a full scope GTM but sometimes it's Not sometimes it's a soft launch you have existing product you have additional features that you added you want to go to market with additional features that is a slightly different scope in terms of GTM that helpful everybody define your GTM define the types of GTM that you will do from my perspective internally as a person that try to put a GTM plane together internally There are three components, three components only. Sales, products, and marketing. Inside of that circle is the competitive analysis. I don't want to argue with anybody. Some people will basically said Pam that should be customer. You know what? Customer is given. We don't have to talk about it. You are serving your customers. The key is for you to understand your competition. Does that make sense everybody? Is that good? When I say thinking, it's you literally have to sit back, stare at the the the the three elements and you think. When I say think, is not blindly randomly thinking. When I say thinking is really that you build a couple categories to start like what you want to address in each segment. Like I said, my job for today is help you to help you think. All of you are incredibly seasoned because I know some of you and I know how good you are. I am only trying to point out a couple things so you can think a little differently. And sometimes just tweak that little bit can go you know for miles everyone. Okay. So and the more I do marketing honestly the more I feel it's the execution is very important. This is just uh off the topic for a second. The execution is very important. It's the thinking part that we tend to feel short. And I encourage you to actually spend more time to think about the stuff especially big initiatives that you want to do. Okay. So the guide you thinking is start with a couple categories you want to address in each segment and I'm just going to give you and then then like I said in the real workshop and I will start talking about it with everybody you know and and I also give away chocolates if you have attend any of my inerson workshop. You know what? I give away chocolates and they have good chocolates. So if you ever want to come to my Inerson workshop, let me know. Okay? I'll make sure I take care of you. So the key is for the three elements, what categories that you have to identify for each component. What will you include? And these are not necessarily all of it but I would say big chunk of it right on the product side I can tell you product specifically from marketing's perspective is always features and positioning and what are some of the feature and positioning that we have to do and the other thing is always pricing and the business model how this product will be sold will that be will that be sold directly by uh our direct sales force course or that would that be uh would that be uh be distributed through our channel partners? Right. So that have have uh oh can somebody confirm uh can can confirm that uh Pam brings legit chocolates to the session? Hey, how are you? So good to see you. So good to see you. Okay. So the products uh from marketing's perspective tend to be the feature positioning and uh another thing is the business model. How we going to sell that product? Sales in general is a sales on boarding sales training specifically. How many time when you do GTM the first thing that the sales people said is what can I say? That's why they care. What can they say? What can they say about the GTM? And what content do I have? These are the two questions they tend to ask. Sales training, product demo, testimonial, all the support that you need to do behind the scenes to make sure they look fantastic. Yeah. Marketing of course all of you are marketers. The PR part of it, the channel you need to dial up, the content you need to create, the user experience that everybody take for granted, right? And chances are you are the one need to pull the GTM plane together. Right? So for all these are categories. For these categories you need to think about it. What are the questions that you have to answer? What are the questions you have to answer? And uh Amy, did you upload the worksheet to every uh to the to this um to this webinar that people can download? Amy, >> I sure did, Pam. I uh they're in the resource center and I just popped it up for download and and in a box in front of the screen. >> Okay. So I'm not going to go to each one of them in depth given the amount of time that we have. But you can also download uh a worksheet. In the worksheet, it actually have the uh essential slides and also uh some of the key points I mentioned. Right? So for product I can tell you is always about how do we position our product and uh what features we need to dial up that we really want to say and how does that compare with our competitors and on the GTM I can tell you internally with inside the company that there you always a lot of debates the debate tend to be positioning and another debate is who are our customers okay these are two I'm telling It's the debate is it will take forever. In general, the who are customers sometimes uh requires even more discussion than you think because your executives definition on who the customers are versus the product teams versus the sales teams. They tend to be different because for us marketing we tend to focus on end users but and also are the product team. But when you talk to a salespeople and executive, they really want you to focus on decision makers, right? How many time how many times you encounter that? You have to make sure that who the customers are when you put your GTM plane together that is crystal clear and there's no confusion. Mark my words. I don't want to tell you how many time I got tripped just because I cannot settle or finalize or get agreement among marketing, sales, product and executive on the who the customers are. Okay. So these are the couple things I want to make sure that you know. Pricing is also important because pricing will dictate the positioning. The other thing on the sales side is a sales model. For this specifically, I would 100% emphasize the content. What sales people really want most of the time, and I work with sales for 10 or 15 years, and some of you have attended my session, you know, during that time, I drank a lot. Tea. Tea. Everybody T. So what can they say and what can they pass to their prospects and potential customers? Okay. So Shana curious how many organization GTM has historically been anchored in sales but as GTM becomes more crossf functional when one do you see is most effectively to sit uh to drive alignment and execution so Shana which organization do you belong to are you on the sales side or you on the marketing side that will dictate my answer I'm kidding I'm kidding So, Shana, can you tell me uh are you on the sales side or are you on marketing? Uh okay, perfect. Honestly, from my perspective, based on my experience working on GTM, the GTM planning and alignment tend to be led by marketing organization. Very rarely is done in sales. Honestly, if it's done by sales, it's not by the sales organization. It tend to be by sales op or sales enablement. But uh in some organization what I have seen the GTM was led by product team but majority of the organization I have encountered experience talked to is in marketing. So I if I have uh if I would make one recommendation I would say marketing. Is that helpful? Great question. Yay. You know what? Send me a quick LinkedIn connection. I'll send you a $5 Amazon gift card. How is that? All right, Shashana, it's very nice to email you and uh appreciate for the question. And on the marketing side, look at the list. Seriously, if you compare like the product side, ah whatever couple questions you compare sales, ah several questions and then this laundry list of the things that marketeteers need to do. You know what? Our jobs suck. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. our job is awesome. All right. So, there's a lot of things that because you have to lead. You have to lead. So, there's a lot of things you have to take into consideration. The objectives, the success metrics, what channel you need to dial up, landing page needs to be created, the PR plan, blah blah blah blah blah. Yeah. And I don't have to tell you all this is pretty much like what you do day in and day out. Your GTM plan revolves around answering these questions. That is it. That is it. Okay. And the question next is how do we do like sounds great P, you know, I'm thinking about it. I mean, I have a categories. I have list of questions. How do I structure all the information? My god, there's so much information out there. How can I structure the information to help coordinate the internal collaboration? Great question. Great question. >> So, what did you do this week? >> What I normally do? >> Reading >> mostly. >> And how many books did you read? >> 17. And does reading 17 books in one week seem normal to you? >> No. No. Of of course it's not normal. I mean, does skipping three grades of school seem normal? Does going to Harvard at the age of 14 seem normal? I'm clearly not normal. I thought we'd establish that was the problem. >> Harry, I want you to do something for me. >> What? >> You and I are going to come up with a list of goals you're going to achieve between now and the end of the year. So, for our next session, I want you to think about some of the things you'd like to have on that list. Things you've done in your life and enjoyed. >> What kind of things do you expect me to put on this list? >> All right, everybody. What's the name of that movie? If you can actually write in the Q&A section right now, you'll get you're going to get a $5 Amazon gift card from me. Everybody was like, "Let me ask AI. anyone? I am so happy I picked a bee movie that nobody has seen before. Excellent choice, ma'am. Excellent choice, man. Is Carrie uh uh Carrie Pilby? This is actually a Netflix film. And uh like I said, oh Lily was like, "You got me stumped." Thank you, Lily. That is exactly my intention today. Anyway, so you don't have to go watch this film, okay? You don't. I'm giving you the premise and that's the first 90 second of the film. The first 90 second of the film basically tell you a couple things. Number one, if she's not happy, she's probably a genius and she's very lonely. All right? She's seeing a therapy, a therapist for a reason. And uh to fix her problem, she has to have a list. That's really the bottom line. That is the opening. The opening is super clear. That's a hero's journey. The hero's journey is she needs to either complete or fail the list or fail the list. That's a hero's journey. That's your opening. Your opening of your GTM plan needs to be that crystal clear. Nothing else. Your opening needs to be that clear. You don't want your executive guessing. You don't want your salespeople get confused. You need to define it so clear that there's no confusion whatsoever. People look at the first two slide, they know exactly what you're trying to accomplish. That is the opening of every single plan that you do. If you have heard me talk or you have come to my workshop how to do marketing plan, my opening or my approach is exactly the same. It doesn't change. Your opening matters. Okay. So, how do you do opening the GTM? Well, what is your GTM goals? What's your GTM objectives? What's your strategies? How are you going to support sales? What is the timeline? GTM is not forever. We only have like specific time we're going to do go to market. How long is that? Again, who are our target customers? Are we only target you? Are we only targeting US or is it US, UK and Germany or US and China you know whatever is necessary and the KPI key performance indicators that's your opening it's very clear objective is what strategies is how I'm not telling you that you have to write a laundry list of how you don't have to but you should have a high level strategies to inform your internal stakeholders no matter who. You also have to tell them guys there's a starting point, there's end point, right? So here's an examples very quickly. Go to market. Generate 50 free trials and two opportunities eight weeks after launch and two opportunities. Okay, so this is very clear. I am just going to do free 50 free trials or you can say this like the go-to market is really you are attending a big event you are spending a huge amount doing a trade show and you can even talk about generate you know 100 marketing qualified leads which is being vetted right the GTN can be as simple as one major flagship events that you go to you launch this product with a broad awareness and a targeted demand Jan for what verticals or what countries and my GTM strategies are super clear. All right. I craft a strong unique positioning that's from product right for PR, sales engagement and marketing communication. I'm going to arm sales with relevant information. I'm going to deliver I have a launch day. So I'm just going to deliver a flawless launch day in New York City and we're also going to do a road show. Oh, yay. Great. Then you write that down, right? So strategy is high level what I'm going to do and then you're going to do the paid campaigns. Great. You're going to deploy accountbased marketing to 250 targets. The sales enablement is you're going to train the salespeople. You're going to give them the relevant content. The GTM timeline is very easy. The T is launch day. T minus 4 is four months prior to launch day. That's prep. T plus two is the demand gen integrated campaign. You're going to do it after T the launch date. Super clear. So there's no confusion. None target customers who target customers right here. I tend to encourage that all of you to write verticals by vertical or by job titles. Okay. You can basically say buyer's persona is richer CIO that's fine too. But what I have come what I have come to realize that to align with the salespeople and the executive the job title makes easier for them to comprehend and you will see my KPI very much align with my strategies. If I need to give sales people information, okay, what are the how many content I want to create? If I need to generate, you know, leads, well, how many vet vetted, right? Here I emphasize vetted MQL, right? And if I actually have opportunities, I identify here what are the count I express interest or none is fine too. It's a brain awareness. So these two somehow set up and start my GTM planning. Then the middle part of your GTM is to explain everything that you said on slide one and slide two. That's it. That's it. That should be your GTM. You can determine what kind of process you want to use. You can determine what tools you want to use. That's all very important. But you have to set the opening. Okay? And by the way, you don't have to complete this the first time when you share this uh uh uh opening with your with your executive. All this can be missing information. You can say trend xx sales rep or you can say t minus you know like three three months. This is subject to change as time goes. This is should be a living slides because they are going to your executive and your sales people, your product team going to give you different information at different given time. This is subject to change and you capture it as you go. Is that fair everyone? Okay. It's a living document. So how do you use AI to do that? So is actually already in your worksheet. You can basically say you ought to go to this is a prom. This prom is very very simple. Mark Cirin who actually joined the call is sophisticated on doing uh prompt engineering and also uh creating agent. My prom just look very rudimentary but I'm just going to give you some ideas. you are the go-to market specialist for what company and explain very specifically what you are doing and add more information about the product and you set up basically your task to fill out this information. You set up this information exactly the way that AI will answer align with how that your opening will look like. Yeah. Then you give additional information. Here's a context you should use. You are giving additional information from your perspective that the AI will need to fill out the blanks right here. And all the information right here, you should be able to gather them from the list of a question I share with you earlier. Cool. And of course, if you want to build an AI agent, it's better to actually convert your prompt in a markdown format. You can basically say markdown format. If you don't know what markdown format is, basically another prompt example similar to what you have written for natural language, but you are writing in a way that AI can easily understand. Okay. So you can see this is a markdown format of it. Right? So let me share one thing with everyone in terms of AI versus human. I would strongly encouraged I would strongly encourage all of you to create your own opening not having AI created. Even I even though I shared the AI prom example with you and I would strongly suggest that you create several versions of your own opening and then you use AI to polish it. The reason is I don't think this is just Pam's opinion, Pam's opinion only and you can violently disagree with me. I don't think we should delegate the strategic strategic thinking or the critical thinking capability to AI just yet. Set of a great opening is like writing a great opening of the screenplay. That writing needs to come from us first. Then you can use AI to polish it. I still write my own opening. The script I share with you is my own writing first and then I ask AI to polish that. Can you imagine? I create this whole deck by AI. You are going to kill me. opening. I strongly suggest that you do it first. Okay. >> You and I are going to come up with a list of goals you're going to achieve between now and the end of the year. >> Bucket list. I did not have the emotional maturity to deal with a terminal friend. >> We can't accept returns. >> What now? Engaged and confused. You're much more beautiful than I had. I expect this fascinating Gary Joby. I find you completely chanting. >> All right. So, what's the middle part? A middle part, which is act two. The act two of this movie is the list, right? So, there's no laundry list. Yes, there's a laundry list. I mean, in real life, there's probably 10, 20 things we have to do. I get it. But in a movie, you have to be very focused. So, they pick three. the rule of three, right? Three things. She has to make a friend. She has to get a pet. She has to get on a date. So, right right there is super clear. Initially, it's like, okay, you need to make a list. Now, we made that very clear. These are the three list that she has to do. Guess what? The act two is the three things. That's it. That's it. That's what you need to do for your planning in a second in the middle part. It's one of the three things that you really want to talk about. And the three things has a lot to do with here. Ah, shoot. Went over too much. The strategy and objective. You say your objective is go to market. Your middle part is literally explaining this. That is your middle part. Okay. All right. So let's be very serious at this time. I always have people come to me and say, "Okay, Pam, we answering all the questions." Okay, and we all have a tendency doing this, me included. Okay, we just like we answer all the question. We want to put all the effort we have done into our GTM plans. So I want to make sure everybody understand you answering all the question doesn't mean every single answer belongs in your GTM plan. A lot of them are kind of like data point, background information, backdrop. They not necessarily needs to be part of the plan, but you need that in information to substantiate your recommendation. So, make sure you understand that answering all the questions doesn't mean that it all have to fit into your GTM plane. It doesn't have to be. Okay? But you need to do that homework. You need to do that research. If you don't you cannot create plan. So less is more. And remember essential essential essential what is essential information needs to be in the middle part. From my perspective there are five essential elements. Five everyone five. Okay I'm going to tell you and everything else you do is going to support these five elements. Number one, you should always have persona, buyers persona and a target customers. I am telling you how important this is is you need to have this information. If you don't, everybody, every single GTM meeting you start, everybody will say who is our customers? Who are we market to? You have to have this slide down. You can have three customers, you can have two customers, whatever that is number, whatever that number is, you need to have it. Okay. The other one you need to have is content. Everybody will ask you, especially salespeople, what content do I have? What can I say? Absolutely. What can I say? Or what can I give to someone my prospect? You need content. Okay. This is very important for SASbased platforms. This is also very important for complex products. This is also very important. you sell anything that is um that is technologyheavy because anything that's technology heavy you need to explain it. If you need to explain it it's not tied if you are selling tide or you selling pen or coffee even with that sometimes you have to explain why you should buy the latest you know hide right so you still need content to explain it. Yeah. So technologyheavy or complex products content is very very important. So number one is you need to determine who. Number two you need to determine what to share and what to say. And then the next three slide is t minus 4 t + 2 and everything in the middle are supporting t minus one a t minus 4 t which is your launch day and t + 2. Does that make sense everybody? who what time frames and deliverables and I want to show you on tminus 4 and this is a very I'm telling you it's a basically you take project management tool whatever you use a sauna you know uh uh Monday.com whatever you know nobody wants to go there and see 300 deliverables you have to help your executive internal stakeholders order to visualize key milestones and remember I said there are three elements there's a product there's marketing there is sales so you identify in terms of what are the key deliverables that will happen what are the things that will take long time to do so there's always like competitive analysis does take a bit of time uh content development does take a little bit of a time training takes a little bit of time but there's a specific deliverables related to each teams, right? What are they? You can actually add a a line in the middle and whenever you review this, you move that specific line every single time. Everybody will know what's delivered, what is not. In a way, you hold everybody accountable. Yeah. So right here the product a launch at the CES January 7th whatever that day is uh I would say any kind of product launch or GTM it's about 16 weeks of a planning if you work in the midsize company or enterprise 16 weeks you can get it down to eight if you want to but you will be you will have a lot of sleepless night because it does take a lot of effort to do content and the messaging and positioning and get your opening Right. It takes time. Okay. Launch day basically there are stuff you have to do during launch time. Yeah. Right. And then of course the post-launch rolling thunder. I call it rolling thunder because it sounds good. Oh, it's just basically on the channel you need to dial up. Okay. So right here the things I would do uh using AI just be sure with you using AI is for example buyer persona you need to have a basic understanding of your customers and then you can write AI prompt like basically exactly to identify what are the things the age demographics the personality traits the goals and and aspiration and challenges and pinpoint and describe a day you can write it in the way that it will create something similar to this right here. And this is the de a prompt I wrote but you can also create agent and then this is basically AI's response exactly the way that I want it to create it paragraph one paragraph two paragraph three which is aligned with right here the three paragraphs I have and then the goals aspiration and the challenges and pinpoint. So there is a AI example and then this is a human example and then it's your job to determine you know how do you want to modify it to make your human example even better. And of course many of you are sophisticated you can create an agent. you can feed a lot of information that you gather um from um from Chad GBT or even from your own research and you can create an agent and a lot of people I have seen is using the agent to even spill out the content that the the AI thinks might be relevant or can be personalized for uh for child uh for for Charles Charlie or Charles sorry about that so this the persona and the content creation can be collaborated for here I don't have a strong opinion who is taking the lead human versus AI I think on the buyer persona more and more companies and the marketers are relies on AI because AI is sourcing the whole internet so it makes sense so in terms of if they know that buyers buyers persona well enough. Chances are the AI probably can come up with a recommendation on what content to be created and how to repurposing the content. So here it's purely the collaboration but what for your part is you are the uh domain expert. So whatever is suggested you need to have a point of view. Does that make sense everyone? Yeah. I always want to talk about the balance of using you know the balance between human and AI like who is taking the lead and who is not in this one I don't have a strong preference like I said who is taking the lead but the next three slides remember I said there are five slides in the middle part the five slides right the next several slides is t minus 4 P and T plus two. I have a very strong opinion. You have to take the lead on this. You need to have a vision by answering all the questions I share with you. You need to have somehow a vision. Who is delivering what? Of course, when I say vision, that doesn't mean like you have to come up with that. You will work with the product team. You'll work with your marketing team. You'll work with sales team. But but somehow this needs to be created you know in or as part of your project management tool and then you as a conductor think about it if you are leading the GTM effort or you are one of the team members actually I prefer you lead a GTM effort because once you lead once you know exactly how to do it it's very important for a lot of young um young marketers you have a to lead a GTM effort once because you leading it. You can see like what other elements need to be pulled together to create a GTM plane internally within your company. Okay. So pull those information and showcase what are the re relevant elements that you want to communicate with your sales team, with your product team, especially with your executives. And then you showcase launch day you know when does it start what is agenda looks like who is the person will take over right you showcase this everything that I do here it is visually display sorry visually dis display display that you have ability to think strategically that you have ability to pull all the element together pair it down to show the key element to your internal stakeholders and executives. How cool is that? One slide. I don't have that many slides. Have you noticed for this one? The three slides I share with you, you need to build the timelines and deliverables. Use AI to identify gaps. They are so good at that. So good. You create it. You ask AI say where are the gaps? They will tell you. You can ask AI. I'm gonna present this to my management tomorrow. My management is a president of the blah blah blah company in this vertical industry. Can you tell me what kind of questions this type of person would ask? You use that again. What are you doing? Identify gaps. And then of course the next step you like okay what should I do? You ask for recommendations. Is that helpful everybody? I want you to think differently. That's all. I don't want you to change your GTM methodology approach. I want you to think a little bit differently. Next. Make your closing count. Closings tend to be when you have a GTM plan. Always imagine that as your living document. Don't create new plan every single time when you meet with your internal stakeholder. You have one master deck. You update that deck on regular basis. You add slides. You move slide to the back as a backup. Right? So your closing may be different every single time when you use that master deck when you present it to your management you can summarize you know your GTM plan there are times you will be asking for help I need more budget how many times you have to say that that's help needed right so you identify the gap like for example the gap is right here okay we need to translate the content to you know Germans. We never anticipated that. Or all of the sudden we decide to add a Japan as a new country. We never anticipated that. There's a budget that I needed that is help needed. Yeah. Seat decisions for example positioning. Okay. We have 100 features. Okay. These are the three features I think we need to dial up. What do you think? Do you agree with me? Seek decisions. Next steps. What am I going to accomplish in next eight weeks? follow up. Who hasn't gotten things done? Politely remind them that is your closing. Every single time when you do updates is going to be little different there. Okay. Very good. So I talk about opening, I talk about middle parts, I share five different slides from my perspective I think you should use. But again, think about it. And you don't have to agree with me. If you don't, that's perfectly fine. But then what is your recommendation to yourself? What that slide should look like? Closing. Every time you bring the GTM updates to your management, what are the action do you want them? What are the action you want them to take? You have to guide them. Okay. There are two fwords, two, not just one. You were like, seriously, Pam? Yes, I'm not going to curse like drunken sailors. So, I usually do offline. I'm kidding. Yeah. two fwords when you work on the GTM plans, especially with your internal teams and executives. What is that? Frustration. The first word, the first F word is you g you are going to get so frustrated when you work on your GTM plans. If you were not frustrated and everything goes smoothly, please let me know. I'm going to send you a $5 Amazon gift card or tell us the secret. How can you work your GTM plane so flawlessly? So number one f word is frustrations. Number two is fun. If you can actually structure in a way that you feel you are conducting and you are leading the team that is actually a lot of fun. So frustrations and the funds are the two fwords I personally will describe when I lead my GTM effort. So that's pretty much it. I hope I'm giving everybody a little bit something to think about in terms of a GTM and connect with me on LinkedIn, YouTube and Tik Tok if you want to share your feedback with me in terms of like today. Just want to let everybody know, I know that Amy is going to send out a survey to everybody. Okay? Just want remember this. If you like my presentation, five stars. If you don't like my presentation, five stars. Your answer should not change. And for any marketing related questions, any marketing especially B2B, and just reach out to me anytime. I'm more than happy to actually share um like I'm more more than happy to address the questions that you have. Okay. All right. Back to you, Amy. Back to you. >> Pam, do you actually have a few minutes for a couple questions that came through? >> Oh, yeah. Sure. Definitely. >> Awesome. Um what would um what would be your response as a marketer or sales enablement professional if the product development team doesn't do market research before developing a product? How do you drive that in? >> Okay, so if in general, can I just share in general if you work for enterprises, there's usually a marketing research team. The marketing research team tend to cover both the marketing team and also product research. And the marketing research team tend to stay uh by itself or even with product or the marketing team. And if you have a marketing research team, I would ask the marketing research to actually help you to do a product research. However, in general, any kind of product development, the product team needs to do mark uh a research on their own. And like you have the question, they are not doing the research. From my perspective, then it will it will be relying on the marketing team. Especially if you lead the GTM and you need a competitive analysis and product compet especially product analysis uh between uh among different competitors then you will need to do that analysis yourself and I would take the lead and um and do that and work closely with your product team. See that's just another thing you have to do. Is that amazing or is that just kind of sucky? All right so I hope I answer your question. If you have more uh like in terms of how to do that, you let me know. Okay. And go ahead. Uh there's >> another here's another one. Um I feel like we're constantly building while also needing to execute products evolving. The organization is evolving, messaging also evolving. How do you personally think about go to market planning when all things are still moving? >> Oh my god, it never goes away. Who is who is the one asking that question? What's his what's what's his or her name? as Shashana. >> Shashana. Okay, you again, Shashana, great question. Okay, can I tell you something just very I mean it it just marketer to marketer. Okay, that happens to every single company. Every single company you work with, the things are changing on regular basis and it it never goes away. It never really ever finalize honestly. So what you need to do is you have to be incredibly nimble and flexible and then you you just have to develop the mentality of embrace it. Is it going to change tomorrow? That doesn't mean it's going to change tomorrow. That doesn't mean you should sit like still not doing anything. Just based on today's information, what are you going to do? And then with tomorrow's new information, you're going to modify a little bit. If if with tomorrow's information or the new product coming, you have to make such a big shift, well something is not right for your marketing plan to start with. But if it's a tiny change, tiny change, tiny change, then your marketing plane is actually on the right track. Does that make sense everybody? That's very important. No matter what who is throwing things at a marketing team and you are able to make adjustments little by little that means your marketing plan is actually not bad is pretty good but every time they explore something at you you have to redo your whole marketing plan something is not right mark my words because I've been there is that helpful >> oh yeah I have I have one more for you um you had mentioned that Yeah, you had mentioned that your uh go to market plan should be a living document. So, how do you avoid scope creep or um protect against wishy-washy stakeholders who want to change everything, the segments, the objectives, you know, all the time? >> Look at me. Just look at me. I cry. I cry. So, that happens also to every one of us. Okay. It never goes away either. The way I do it even even including management like I talked to my CEO and then like you know what we need to make changes. I know I know I know I know you you pay for my you know you do you you pay for my check my paycheck so I'll do it. I'm kidding. Um the way I would do it is I always document it like like on my GTM plane if they are making changes I would document the changes especially on the T minus4 right and uh you will have a slide for example uh the positioning needs to be delivered at this state and then you can always put a little let me go back sorry about that I'm just sharing with you right here so that on here this specific slide is kind of uh important so like any kind of changes you can document it. You can basically write here and say okay this has been pushed out say delayed you know due to blah blah blah blah. So I always add a little wording here like if I don't have any space I would put asterisk here and I would put wordings right here and I literally would document it to the point that my internal stakeholders say I get the point Pam yes we change all the time but I still need to make change. I would say okay okay girlfriend I have no problem you are making changes I just want to let you know this kind of changes does impact us and therefore I need more budget or therefore we need to cut budget from this to that from there all of a sudden you have a leg to stand on to discuss what needs to be done next because you document it is that helpful okay I know it's hard and you are all asking the right question and uh you are asking very realistic question that happened to you and I want to let you know you are not alone. That happens to all of us. All of us. Okay, go ahead. All right, that was all. Thank you so much, Pam. It was a pleasure having you on today. Thanks everyone for joining us. This has been great.