Ali (00:10)
Welcome to Move the Needle.   I'm so excited to sit down today with Peep Laya, 
the CEO of Wynter. Peep, welcome to the show. Peep Laja (00:17)
Thank you for inviting me. Ali (00:18)
Of course, I'm a   big fan. actually got to use Wynter a little bit 
at a previous company and a lot of us internally   follow the things you post on LinkedIn as 
well around brand marketing and measuring   the impact of your brand marketing. So excited 
to have this conversation today. Thank you. Peep Laja (00:34)
Awesome. Ali (00:35)
Let's start off with,   recently you shared that Wynter ⁓ 99 % 
of your marketing is brand marketing,   clearly all in on that. And you said a big 
difference in your opinion in how companies   spend or don't spend on brand marketing 
really comes down to the personal beliefs   of the CEO or the CMO. So I'd love to hear a 
little bit about for you as the CEO, what are   your personal beliefs around brand marketing 
and how do those drive Wynter's decisions? Peep Laja (00:43)
Mm-hmm. I think there's personal belief and there's also 
being practical. if you run performance ads,   direct response ads where you expect 
people to take immediate action,   it requires that there is pre-existing 
demand looking for this thing. They're   like ready to buy and now here's your 
ad, right? Now, if you're selling SEO services maybe or like something 
that everybody knows that they need,   email marketing, that might work. 
In our case, what Wynter does,   you know, message testing and brand 
tracking, these are domains where,   let's just say that there's much less demand, 
natural demand compared to email marketing.   Every company in the world has an email 
marketing tool, something they use, right? But how many companies do message testing? 
So the existing demand that I can harvest,   the 5 % in market today, it's just a small,   small number. And so my overall marketing 
is also, I guess, we call creating demand,   educating the market. And it is silly, stupid, 
bad, flawed. I don't recommend it to anybody. It really takes a really long time 
to do this and it's, you know,   all kinds of problems with that approach. But 
it does work if you're a bootstrap company,   you have time. And so when we come to my 
personal beliefs is that, and the personal   belief about brand marketing is that even though 
it doesn't deliver results in the next 30 days,   it still does deliver results. I have 
just experienced this again and again in a number of companies. So when I started 
⁓ my agency that is now called Spiro about   conversion optimization stuff and I 
started a blog, content marketing was   how we landed customers. And it wasn't that 
they read my blog post and bought my stuff,   right? It was blogging for a year and then seeing 
something and it wasn't directly attributable. Ali (03:27)
Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (03:27)
Direct attribution was just not there,   but you still knew it's because of that 
because also that was like the only thing   we did. So I just personally experienced 
the power of this long-term thinking. And   of course we have lots of research data now 
to back it up that it does work that way. Ali (03:48)
That's awesome. Definitely sounds   though like that, that belief and commitment to 
it being a long-term play, not something that's   going to work overnight is really important, 
especially in like your case, you're creating a   new category as well, which is a whole, a whole 
other challenge. ⁓ any other advice for other   companies who could be in that similar situation 
where there's a bit of category creation going on? Peep Laja (04:11)
Yeah, so we're   not creating a new category, like I 
would say it's a sub category like in   ⁓ This type of things that we are doing 
we're not the inventors of any of these   things. We just have a unique Take on 
these things ⁓ so the difference between   category creation sub category category creation 
is that if you're creating a new category you're You're doing radical innovation. You're bringing 
something new to the market that didn't exist. And   it's channeling demand away from the old category. 
Subcategory is a subset of the existing category,   but you bring in new must-haves. So 
for instance, in the case of Wynter,   research is the primary use case. the market 
research, ICP research, brand research, we deliver results in 48 hours. So that's our new 
must have. Traditional ways takes three to six   months, costs $250,000 and in our case, a fraction 
of that. So those are the new must haves and so,   and we're evangelizing these use cases 
and because these are less established,   let's call it categories or ⁓ 
market segments, there aren't, Ali (05:18)
You doing it? Peep Laja (05:37)
It's not that we don't have   the HubSpot of our category there that everybody 
knows that, if I want to do message, statistic,   HubSpot you know, we don't have that. So we 
want to become that for our small niches. And,   and because we, as a company, we are bootstrapped. 
So I don't need to become a billion dollar company   to have experienced great success in terms of like 
financial outcomes. So a smaller niche can be. Totally fine for me, as long as I'm a top dog in 
those smaller ponds. And so that is what we're   trying to do that if you raise awareness that we 
exist, number one thing, because they can't buy   if they don't know we exist. And then out of all 
the players out there that they might look into   that we want to be the preferred one or at least 
the one that they would consider looking into. Ali (06:07)
Mm-hmm. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. That's a 
really interesting way to think about it,   about creating demand for must haves in the 
category that maybe people haven't previously   associated with the category. And of course, the 
things that you know are your unique things that   you bring to that category. That's actually really 
interesting. You've shared a lot of really good   stats and research all the time. I love how 
you're consistently hitting the same message. And the same ideas over and over, which goes right 
into how you're building out this subcategory. And   you're kind of doing it in action on LinkedIn 
too. So I was enjoying reading through some   of the research and the disconnect between what 
our buyers are saying, right? Where they're like,   we're only going to look at a handful of 
vendors. We're probably going to stick with   the one that's the first one we found, the ones 
that we've heard of. If we've never heard of you,   you're never going to make our shortlist even to 
begin with. The research is really clear on that. And then meanwhile, we have still these just like 
raging debates in marketing teams on whether or   not we should invest in brand marketing. It's 
so hard to track. We just shouldn't do it. And   I think you shared only 30 % of B2B 
marketing budgets going to brand. And   this one really stood out to me. 79 % 
of CFOs see no clear metrics connecting   brand to revenue, which would explain 
why the brand budgets are getting cut. So how are smart companies, how 
is Wynter tracking brand marketing   ROI? What are those metrics that CFOs 
need to see and how do you get them? Peep Laja (08:02)
Absolutely. we did our   own CFO study and we asked CFOs, you know, like 
their personal views on brand marketing and when   would they consider allocating budget to it and 
approve expenses. And my key takeaways were that   most CFOs aren't opposed to brand marketing on 
principle. They are opposed to wasting money. And they are not marketers, so they don't know 
how brand marketing really works. Meaning that   they think that we approve the expense 
and then within a 30 to 60 day window,   there's an ROI. We get, you know, 
invested 100K, we get 300K back.   So three to one CAC. That's how they're trained to 
think over many years. And most CFOs haven't had Ali (08:56)
Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (08:59)
a partner that educates them on how   bigger ticket B2B sales, so five figure deals at 
least, work. If it's a 29 bucks a month, yeah,   sure, it works like any impulse purchase. But 
if it's like 20K a year deal, it's different.   And so what we know about the, what research says 
about brand marketing ROI is that it requires Ali (09:09)
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (09:30)
six plus months of continuous always on campaigns   paid and unpaid various things going on before 
there is any change in the buyer and the change   is like the goal is not to click here and buy now 
what we are creating is memory structures in the   brain because the final goal is that when they're 
now entering the market ready to buy we come Ali (09:34)
No. Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (09:59)
to mind, right? Mental   availability. So that is the goal. And if 
that is the goal and to implant memories,   know, like it's all very different. So CFOs and 
whoever is opposed to it, they need this education   session and a discussion. Most of these 
C level executives are rational players,   probably some are crazy too, but 
most are rational players and ⁓ Ali (10:11)
Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Peep Laja (10:30)
and we would need to   show them stats. And so how we measure is, 
and again, I am not the inventor of these   methodologies. This has been studied by the 
academia, proven by brands, and there's lots   and lots of evidence about this. Essentially, we 
want to be top of mind when they enter the market.   So they cannot buy if they don't know we exist, 
awareness, Obviously. So we need to get... ⁓ raise awareness among our category buyers that 
we exist. And so to measure if brand marketing   is working, one thing is we need to awareness. 
And there's top of mind awareness, meaning   unaided awareness, and there's aided awareness. 
Unaided awareness, like, hey, name as many CRM   companies for mid-market SaaS as you know, go. And 
you're a HubSpot, Salesforce, and maybe that's it. Ali (11:09)
Yeah. Peep Laja (11:27)
Most people can name two,   three brands and those two, three brands that they 
can know have the most actual market share, market   penetration, most customers. And small brands have 
near zero unaided awareness, near zero. And things   get much better with aided awareness. We just 
did and tomorrow I'm publishing the results of   it. We did a brand tracking study on the marketing 
automation category, mid market segment B2B SaaS. Ali (11:37)
Yeah. Okay. Peep Laja (11:56)
So which marketing automation   tools do you know? And, you know, there was a 
HubSpot and Marketo like we're the top of mind,   the number one and two. But when 
we did, here's a list of brands,   which ones have you heard of? A lot of brands 
got like 70 % aided awareness, 75%, whereas the   unaided was like 5%. And that is the reality. And 
so we need to track both aided, unaided and after. Ali (11:59)
Mm-hmm. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Peep Laja (12:25)
as a smaller brand,   have to know that you won't get much unaided. 
It's probably below 10%, and that's OK. And   then it doesn't matter that they just know you. 
You also ⁓ need to be in the consideration set.   So this marketing automation study, for 
instance, showed that some 75 % of people   knew constant contact. It's an email marketing 
tool that's been around for decades, I think. Ali (12:30)
Sure. Okay, yep. Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (12:55)
Now how many of this   category buyers would strongly consider 
⁓ constant context as their next tool?   And now we went into single digits. So 
there's some sort of a big perception   gap. We didn't do a constant context specific 
study to know what the perception gap is.   If I had to hypothesize, I would say they're 
probably thought of as outdated, not modern. Ali (13:05)
Hmm. Interesting. Peep Laja (13:24)
not really for SaaS, things like   that. ⁓ So you need to track whether you're in 
the consideration set. Because if the buyer only   looks into three to five tools, are you in that 
set of three to five to look into? And so what   the brand tracking needs to do, if we know that it 
takes six months to build new memory structures, Ali (13:27)
Mm-hmm. you No. Peep Laja (13:49)
So basically we should check   in more or less every six months, sometimes 
even every 12 months if it's a smaller brand   to see if we have made gains in awareness, both 
types aided, unaided, and are we getting into   more consideration sets? And so that is how to 
think about like brand marketing ROI measurement. Ali (13:56)
Mm-hmm. Yeah, that makes total sense. Could you 
share a little more specifically? Do you run   like brand studies to get to that 
information? Do you look at branded   search? What are some of the 
metrics that help you track? Peep Laja (14:23)
Yeah, so brand tracking is a survey methodology. So the only way to know 
what's in somebody's head and brain is to ask   them. There is no substitute. ⁓ And so since we 
need to survey at least 100 people, interviews   are not really feasible because they take too 
long, they're too expensive. So it's surveys. So   asking category buyers. So first we need to find 
people who are actual category buyers. They buy They work at a company that buys this kind of 
products and they're in a position to influence   the purchase. ⁓ in brand tracking, you can 
measure all kinds of things, but the key things is   you ask questions, hey, which brands come to 
mind for this category? Here's a list of brands,   which ones have you heard of? And it can be 
like a matrix type. So have heard of, but... don't really know them all the way, like I know 
them intimately well, I'm a current customer.   ⁓ And for brand preference, it's the same 
thing. So which of these brands would you   consider buying from if you were in the 
market today? And they would rate each   brand on a scale from would definitely not 
consider to would definitely consider. ⁓   And so those are the things you want to 
do. So you mentioned share of search. Ali (15:31)
Okay. Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (15:50)
is a good proxy too,   some solid evidence about that. The main 
downside is that it only shows you ⁓ the   5 % of the ⁓ people who were in the market 
for the last whatever X months based on the   Google API results. ⁓ So you don't get 
a bigger slice of the category buyers. Ali (16:06)
Yeah. Right. That's a good point. Yeah, they're 
actively searching at some, yeah, at some level. Peep Laja (16:19)
And you don't really know also how is the, you know,   what do they think like the brand perception? 
don't know why they think of the, why they are   looking you up. Are they looking to buy, you 
know, there can be many, you know, as well. Ali (16:29)
Yeah, looking to work there. Yeah, might not even be buyer related. Peep Laja (16:35)
But it's very cheap to do it, so you should do it. Ali (16:37)
Sure, it's available, yeah. So the brand studies that you run, do you do that with 
Wynter with your own tool or is that done? Yeah. Peep Laja (16:44)
Yeah, yeah, of course. So for if you're a consumer company, Track Suite 
is the tool we recommend ⁓ in B2B, Wynter.   ⁓ And we don't cover every single 
industry in the world. if you're in   manufacturing, train parts 
can't help you there. SaaS,   of course, all day long, that's our bread and 
butter, FinTech, financial services, etc. ⁓ Yeah ⁓ and obviously you have your 
traditional market research agencies   that also happily take your money. Ali (17:21)
Yeah, okay, got it. So as you're asking about and   looking at, like you said, not only memory recall, 
do they know the brand name, but also perception,   do they have a positive perception? Would they 
actually consider them? That kind of makes me   think about the other main message you talk 
about a lot, which is differentiated messaging,   how everybody's kind of falling into this 
sea of sameness. And I thought that's... a problem that has been around for so long, 
especially in the SaaS industry. There's a   million jokes and SaaS jargon, ⁓ cheat sheets out 
there making fun of how they all sound the same.   And we're going through ourselves right now, 
some positioning work. constantly you think   you've nailed the perfect thing, and then you 
go and look around and you're like, ⁓ it's still   what everyone else is saying. We're all saying 
the same thing. So why, I guess, first of all, Do you think there's such a big disconnect 
between marketers who think I'm saying   just the best right thing and it's so 
golden, and then the buyers who are like,   tell me something new. It's the 
same thing everybody else is saying. Peep Laja (18:28)
Building ⁓ a different   product is first of all extremely difficult. 
And if you ask what products out there that   are truly differentiated and different from 
next best alternative, there are very few. And   we would struggle to name them. And copying 
is the most natural thing to do for humans. This is how we grow up as children, we're 
people around us. That's how we learn to speak,   everything. So copying is the most natural thing 
and it is also to be expected in business. I think   if we lived ⁓ in a world where we could never 
see what our competitors are doing and saying,   we would see some wildly different products 
and the way they approach the problems,   but that's not the world we live 
in. So copying is inevitable. Now, Ali (19:11)
Hmm. No. Peep Laja (19:23)
If you look at like   the how brands grow research and science,   we know that the law of purchase duplication 
says that everybody's number one competitor is   the category leader. It's not the other small 
company that is exactly like you. I don't even   know that company exists. It's so if you're a CRM, 
you compete with HubSpot always and Salesforce. Ali (19:39)
Hmm. Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (19:47)
And so in terms of messaging,   the key thing is not to be completely unique 
in your market, in your category. It's to be   completely different from the category leader, the 
hubspot of the category. That's how you need to,   you know, you need to be different 
from them. Or maybe top three if   they are very well known. So you might 
run a, if you do a brand tracking study,   you will learn which brands have the most top of 
mind awareness. So in the marketing automation. Ali (20:03)
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (20:16)
⁓ space, there were   like three that were like head and shoulders above 
others and then everybody else was like laggard.   So you shouldn't care about the laggards really 
only the top three and you need to be different   from those. Now there are many thought leaders 
who are making the case that differentiation is   not even possible and in many respects I agree 
with them. So the only way to differ is that you Ali (20:27)
Okay. Peep Laja (20:46)
you specialize in a segment, you know,   like we are for real estate agents or, know, and 
we have some extra features that they really care   about. we have, because whatever new feature you 
come up with that is cool that the market wants,   everybody will adopt those. So that innovation is 
a transient advantage unless you have some crazy   ass modes, but I mean, nobody has, nobody has 
any mode. So mean, look at open AI, like whatever Ali (21:01)
Yeah, I'm copy it. Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (21:15)
deep research that came   up with everybody has deep research now, right? 
Like there's, they're on paper, you can't create   a comparison grid chart, know, everybody has 
everything. ⁓ So that means also that do your   best to be different, but also distinctiveness. So 
if we look at you and your top five competitors, Ali (21:25)
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Peep Laja (21:43)
What's your tone of voice? know, like   are you saying radically things in a radically 
different way? And in B2B probably actually   not. Nobody's saying, hey, homie, bro, yo, Gen Z. 
You know, everybody's like, you know, very safe. Ali (21:52)
Yeah. ⁓ Yeah. And today's fast-paced environment. Peep Laja (22:01)
And so you have colors. You can really go and   intentionally pick a color that nobody has 
and maybe... Color is hard to defend the color   because anybody can become any color, right? ⁓ 
So you might want to pick a color that nobody   wants to copy. So to look different, right? ⁓ So 
color schemes, ⁓ logo and not just the typeface. but also like, you know, the Nike 
swoosh, like there's a symbol that is,   that is memorable. Cause again, the whole 
point is to be easy to remember. And so I   will think about these things and, know, 
in B2C there are mascots. So like if you   take insurance or this Jake from State 
Farm and Flo from Progressive mascots,   right? And, and, and B2B typically it can be 
a visible executive founder who is the mascot. I was like, yeah, you know, like I 
know the Dave Gerhard's community,   know, what's his name? You know, cause I know 
Dave. So you think about those things and then   you want to put your visible executives out 
there and put some company marketing dollars   behind amplification of the message and et 
cetera, et cetera. So distinctiveness is   what I'm saying is that I think it's 
under invested in by B2B companies. So be different from the HubSpot of your category,   if you can, in terms of messaging. 
⁓ And then be distinct visually. Ali (23:31)
Mm-hmm. have you or your team been able to? find any good uses for AI in differentiating 
messaging, doing competitive research, and ⁓   what would that yield versus what maybe people 
learn from using a tool like Wynter, where   you're actually talking, getting real responses 
from real people versus an AI summary of it. Peep Laja (23:56)
Mm-hmm. Yeah, so if you talk about like research and 
message testing to see how until until humans   are buying software, you need to check your 
messaging with real humans. ⁓ When AI starts   buying five figures after then, you know, 
all bets off. I don't know, like, you know,   semantics of like, what's your metadata? Maybe 
that matters. But today, if you want to know if Ali (24:17)
Yeah. Peep Laja (24:29)
when your target ideal   customers on your website reach the whole thing, 
let's say, do they get why choose you over the   incumbent? And that's the point of message 
testing. You still need to do that. I think   AI can help you to quickly find obvious problems 
in your, let's say, home page copy or whatever. hey, if you were a CMO reading 
this, like what objections come up,   like it's pretty good at spitting some ⁓ plain 
obvious stuff out. But the recommendations can be,   it's like they grab those recommendations from 
like the list of best practices. have more logos,   have more testimonials. mean, duh. And also 
like it overindexes and these things, you know,   like having customer logos. I mean, come on, 
everybody has customer logos. It will not. Ali (24:58)
history. It's not going to find those unique 
things, the distinctive things. Peep Laja (25:24)
It's not going to tip anything over. Absolutely. Same with Testimony. 
Everybody has G2 reviews. These   are some table-stake stuff that 
will not help you win the deal. Ali (25:34)
Now. Yeah, that makes sense. so let's say a company is, they're 
hearing all this, they're getting it,   philosophically it makes sense. I think a lot 
of companies are realizing like so many things   have changed in the landscape, that brand 
marketing is kind of making a comeback,   but still sometimes hard to sell in. Where 
would you recommend that somebody starts? in there, they say, I'm kind of ready to start 
investing some more in brand marketing. What's a   good place to start? What are some action steps 
or foundations they should build out first? Peep Laja (26:06)
Mm-hmm. It's not that complicated, think. You shouldn't 
overthink it. let's start with the basics of   you. So you want to reach the category buyer 
repeatedly, consistently over a long period of   time. So how do we do that? So one is, obviously 
you create content on certain topics that you   want to be associated with, because it's not 
enough to be remembered that they're aware. You don't want to be just known, you want to 
be known for something specific. And of course,   the more things you're known for, the better 
for you. But let's start with just one,   two things. So that's your social content, 
it might be your ⁓ articles on your website,   things like that. And then you need 
to get it in front of the ICPs,   that's maybe you do content amplification, paid 
to play, like thought leadership ads or whatever. Ali (26:49)
Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (27:08)
I think webinars and   we do them weekly is still a really great 
play because if you do them on topics that   only the ICP cares about, over time you build 
an email list of ICPs. don't want to do, know,   LinkedIn is full of LinkedIn celebrities 
that have no identity. I mean, you know,   it's the kind of people that post generic 
topics and get 7,000, you know, comments. Ali (27:12)
I saw that, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Peep Laja (27:38)
I was walking on the street and I saw this 
guy and then I gave him five bucks and   changed his life. It was like, what product are 
you selling and which memory structures are you   building here? Like, no, like you're just 
shilling for attention. And maybe if it's a   freelance person that their business model 
is just getting sponsored LinkedIn posts,   you know, it will work for them. But as 
a B2B brand, that's not the way to go.   You know, there are of course 
founders that do ⁓ a great job of ⁓ Ali (27:42)
I'm a cat. Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (28:06)
you know, highly resonating content,   it's targeted to ICP, know, Adam Robinson and 
stuff. So content amplification, webinars to   drive, build email lists, and then of course, 
weekly newsletter. If you don't do it weekly,   you should ⁓ maybe even twice a week 
if you have the bandwidth of somebody   putting together the content. And then we 
get into ⁓ maybe the ads part, the brand ads. Ali (28:35)
Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (28:37)
And the brand ads,   again, this is not click here to 
Dubai and schedule a demo. The point,   the communication job of brand ads is fairly 
simple. It's ⁓ what is it? ⁓ it's a way to do   brand tracking. what's it called? It's called 
Wynter. When do you need it? ⁓ when you want   to know what's your brand awareness. So like use 
case, what is it, brand name, when do you need it? Ali (29:06)
Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (29:06)
And that type of ads. And a key thing, so I and says that 
to create a memory in somebody's head,   it needs to create an emotion. It's 
novel, it's funny, it's sad. Think of   Super Bowl ads. You know, they spend 
so much money. Nobody may, I mean,   some people make boring ads, but like a lot 
of them are funny or more tearjerkers or. Ali (29:19)
Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Your jerkos, yeah. Peep Laja (29:32)
That's the whole point. So   you need to create an emotion. you say, our CRM 
is fancy and agile and supercharged. Like you're   not creating any emotion, right? So it needs 
to go beyond features and, or in your case,   analytics and numbers. Like it needs to 
create an emotion. It needs to be human story. Ali (29:42)
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (29:53)
And it's getting cheaper. I mean, we as Wynter,   you we've done video ads with hiring actors and 
we like rented an Airbnb for a weekend and filmed   every scene in different parts of the house with 
the same actors, you know, that we rented for a   day. So you can you can do stuff like that. We 
can see, of course, where the future is going   with VO3 still shit today. But you know, you can 
see what's That this this becomes more accessible. Ali (30:06)
Nice. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Peep Laja (30:21)
But of course if   it's more accessible, everybody will 
have access and noise will also go up. Ali (30:25)
Great. It goes back to the distinctiveness again. Yeah. 
How do you, you talked about the brand studies,   how you're measuring shifts in brand awareness 
and brand perception. Is there a way,   have you found a way to track the impact 
of that back on pipeline and revenue? Peep Laja (30:33)
Yeah. Essentially what you will see is that 
increase in brand preference, so you're   more in consideration sets, correlates directly 
with the number of inbound leads that you get,   inbound traffic. So not outbound, not paid 
performance ads, just people who come to your   website on their own and sign up or get a demo or 
whatever the CTA is there. So you will see that. And the way to tie that up to actual 
dollars is like I like to say. As a rough ballpark, everything that is not 
performance marketing is brand marketing   traffic on your website. So if you exclude 
direct response ads and maybe outbound sales,   if you do that, and what's left in 
terms of demos, pipeline and signups,   we can largely attribute to brand. 
And this idea is not 100 % accurate. Ali (31:44)
No. Peep Laja (31:48)
But it's 85 % accurate,   which means it's mostly good enough to get 
an idea. So if we do 10 million a year,   and now we do a retroactive 12-month 
analysis, and we exclude outbound sales,   and we exclude performance marketing, you 
will see that more than half, majority of your   revenue is coming from brand marketing. 
You just can't do this in a 30-day window. Ali (31:54)
You okay? Mm-hmm. It's not going to be a... Peep Laja (32:18)
⁓ You will always see, right, 
For one of my companies, CXL,   I had no marketing team, no marketing ads, 
no nothing happening ⁓ for multiple months   ⁓ as I was recruiting for a new team. And 
my salesman, we were doing all-time best   revenue. ⁓ And it's all because of 
what we did the two years prior. Ali (32:45)
Yeah. Peep Laja (32:46)
So it's this lagging effect. ⁓ Ali (32:48)
Mm-hmm. Gotta have the patience to see it through. 
Fascinating. This is certainly an   episode I'm gonna share around internally 
too. I think there's a lot for us to learn   personally from this and for others 
as well. Thank you so much. Where can   people find you? Where's the best place for 
people to follow you and get more information? Peep Laja (33:08)
I think LinkedIn.   I post multiple times a week. Nobody else 
there by my name, so pretty easy to find. Ali (33:16)
Alrighty, any final thoughts you'd like to share? Peep Laja (33:21)
Do some brand tracking. Ali (33:23)
I'm going to. Immediately. Yes, thank you.